# Part 2: Post Vouch, Pre LR

### Goals

1. Talk about being depressed in the past, using therapy to not be as fucked up about it, but kind of lying about it to see if the government or whomever would try and use that against me (they did, they keep trying to, it's horrifying in it's implications)
1. Talk about patching yourself up over the next few weeks, being vocal -- just in case anyone was listening -- about a lot of my problems as a way to also just self talk my way through my problems. If whomever was listening got "pissed off" at my insinuation that many of my issues are from how I was raised, in weird subtle ways, then that was a heavy indicator that if things continued then somehow someone else's career now may hinge on the fact that they believe my mother's perspective of my own childhood more than mine, which, I can understand for my family arguments, but even my own mother never risked her career or livelihood over validating her or my perspective, we just have sore feelings over it. Whcih is to say, I didn't care if anyone listened to my self talk, I was actually legit very depressed, but paging further reactions to it for sure, beign aware that I knew I was talking out loud about my personal problems, as well as with my therapist
1. Dedicate some time to how you did indeed get to a better point by mid April, and made a plan to manage my debt + expenses against Liveramp's upcoming employment should it hold. I recognized needing an outside office as a way to just walk around, enjoy the neighborhood, and budgeted for that item at The Yard on Delancey, as a way to combat my depression. Despite the financial costs - 700 a month - I did this for my mental health but also in hoping anyone watching my behavior would see "wow, he's doing personal budgeting to help resolve the financial gap we caused due to the previous investigation, while reassessing what he wants in life to be more comfortable and spend more outdoor times and time around other human beings while working, maybe we should leave him alone." Alas
1. Might wanna dedicate a whole chapter to your own depression, collision with suicidal thoughts, how you've learned to deal with them, how you've accepted other people handle them when made aware, and how you used all of this to feel out the situation: did the government and private actors that positioned themselves against me at Vouch not care about my mental health, and in fact, seek to take advantage of it should I make it seem more unstable on purpose than not? I'll admit this was dishonest to my therapist, but, it was a special situation


### Outline

1. Start by going over history of therapy, describe CBT process as the way I handle "triggering" thoughts and have for over a decade. Describe the idea of evolutionary psychology and say you're a believer; but it took a lot more work than just taking pills, I had to make the change, not my therapists or some doctor. Emphasize the work and that other options are essentailly shortcuts, to you. That said, beacuse you can handle when others try and trigger you, this process involved a changing of my own personal character such to "counter trigger" those trying to trigger me with, say, shit about the Sandanistas, for an example.
1. Go over early April, suicidality, wanting to talk to family with therapist, your family and especailly your sister's shadyiness there, ultimately your therapist suggests it may be a bad idea.
1. Go over mid April, pathicng yourself up, and going over self talk. Internally I made a promise: I need to permanently keep my parents and family out of my life as much as possible; I did this more or less already and th enew "thing" would be avoiding jobs with overlaps, like iwth Sam Hodges and Amrita Mallik. My fault, I guess. I'm sure my famliy feels that way. End chapter with personal declaration of vengeance should this shit continue.
1. Go over pre LR - weird packages, weird HR, peeing in a cup, therapist feels alarmed at me brining things up in a non therapist way, start to feel certain my therapist is talking to feds in the BG
1. Probably best to end on finally getting the LR laptop on the morning of your first day after all the shipping awkwardness
