# Part 2: The Liveramp Fiasco

### Goals

1. I mean, lol, just try not to sound like you're bragging. Or that you had as much fun as you did. That shit was hilarious though.
1. I think it might be good to have a flashback to twitch streaming from late 2017-early 2021 ish as an explanation of a) how you familiarized yourself with "reading faces" while on computer webcams before the general population could w/ covid, and you were familiar with tells such as "are they reading from a chat log like literally every twitch channel" etc. Also, this would explain how you may be... used to... acting as a "psuedo character" while on live audio / video feeds, though, that character was a "video game developer" and is a lot closer to "literally really you." Maybe, leave the identity crisis parts out.
1. This was why I may have seemed like I had "training" that put me ahead of... middle managers in tech mostly, who have no "intelligence" training, and then intelligence workers who may not be as aware of technological shifts due to being "in the field" and realize that the things I knew most of the "younger generation" that populated twitch (the development channels skew older, but, it's still younger) would know to a certain percentage. This type of surveillance "technique" -- audio surveillance converted to chat logs for your manager to be able to read in real time or at a later time what you were saying to your laptop -- would be the type of things children in America already knew how to, well, counter, intelligence wise. I just knew it because I thought streaming myself learning game development as a professional web programmer would be interesting (it was, sort of, but also a drag, streaming is a lot of effort).
1. Use the above as an... onramp?... to what happened the week of 05-22-2022, against being pissed off that these people were selling some bullshit ass software that was obviously NOT working out, why you, felt confident doing what you did. Also, audio surveillance not made like, clear, is not terribly admissable in court, and if they just.. asked me about what I was saying while on "mute"... well, I was literally, actually, working on a character, I was acting. Woops. Do you want to give me something to do at work so you can judge me on that? Because... I didn't ge tmuch of that here either.
1. Definitely a decision to be made here with regards to how much I reference _Burn Notice_ because it's almost too easy
1. Need to decide how much of "pre liveramp" needs to be discussed. Not sure anything outside of a quick chapter may be necessary, perhaps two.
1. Big decision on how much of the markdown essays should be here. They're great but... long... and... confusing, though I wrote them that way on purpose a bit.

### Outline (remaining to write)

1. Discuss time before liveramp, therapy, suicidality, going through legitimate mental health issues that you had many tools for in terms of therapy but didn't want to let on that you were maybe better off that you were out of the hope that the federal government would just leave you alone, foolish really. Talk about patching yourself up through April and, two weeks before starting at LR, you felt very very good, albeit somewhat certain you were still being watched to some degree.
1. First week before LR should be it's own chapter, weird shipping, weird therapy, 
1. Quick chapter going over Twitch history and reading faces re: chat
1. Quick quick chapter on Dem's failure to secure Abortion vote, light suspicions you held of your actions being what caused their distractions & distrust amongst their own ranks
1. First week of LR -- intro suspicions in meetings re: the above, testing it via verbal dialogue on "mute" like last time, seeing much in that vein
1. Pissed off that you had to go through this bullshit, and relizing that your therapist was involved, talk about the markdown essays
1. Second week -- keep testing the above, get the strongest reaction wrt "the blown cover hair flip moment," being offended that many people were involved and at ages you found offensive, also consider that the hair flip was an attempt to intimidate me via gender egoisms I don't really have (I'm for all skittles haired people of all genders).
1. Weekend after second week -- You're going to have to talk about the Friday Night Loser porn thing. It's become historically important, apparently. Sorry, to the ghost of Ewen Cameron, I'm guessing you thought this shit would die wth you. Alas. Discuss thinking that that wasn't _enough_ to stop what was clearly a financial opportunity, and you hadn't realized it til Saturday morning / afternoon. Discuss realizing the financial thing on Saturday, and realizing the best thing for you to do for your country was to involve wall st and make sure the widest audience saw this backfire in the most spectacular of ways. Talk about _Burn Notice_, and how one of it's central points was that to take down a criminal organization -- particularly one with government connections -- you just have to threaten the leadership, and I made a plan to threaten the leadership's ego while jeopardizing the thing they were selling to their clients: security.
1. Third week -- well, you being weird is one thing, but also, discuss your suspicions with the TV hack, and whether or not that's true it may have influenced a certain side to try and convince me this was "something else" -- discuss the 30 cops vs 1 criminal arrest sideshow outsdie of your apartment, putting the markdown essays onto github
1. Memorial day weekend -- discuss the weird rocky & bowinkle villains you thought were hired models meant to make me think they were "russian spies" or some shit and started to wonder if there are two sides to this clown show. One side is trying to keep this "investigation" as honest as possible, and another side wants to make it hilarious and stupid as fuck. 
1. Fourth week -- shifting from murder talk to corporate "your company's kind of disorganized but that's ok" talk on mute, seeing effects
1. June 4th weekend -- hamburgers, tevas, and shit talking with a side of thinking about keeping calm and celebrity birth-spawn. End with June 5th debit card fiasco, where you knew that there was clearly two sides -- one was honest and wearing a bjork shirt, even if they were investigating me, and the other was just trying to fuck me over anyway they could even if it meant outright fascism like using a state financed investigation to debit card fraud me because I made fun of some rich kid's shoes
1. Think about who would have the money and the access AND the profile to be fascistly stupid af, and check Elon Musk's tweets. Realize this is maybe an attempt by some financial folks + Democrat party workers to lure Elon into donating for Dems and other finance schemes by creating some weird side show around me, realizing I'd be his dream candidate considering my profile to "prove he was right" about "this and that or whatever". But also realize that _some_ people have to be taking this seriously, and wonder if "two sides" are forming, one trying to beguile Elon Musk via his immaturity into some kind of finance scam, and another probably trying to move on from this obvious civil rights nightmare. Make a personal note that if this stops getting weird, and someone Elon was involved, that means Elon is more mature than I thought. If it keeps getting weird, well, he's probably just another guy who doesn't get jokes and catches weird feelings about it.
1. Last week at live ramp -- quitting, making a cover story about thinking this was a "right wing conspiracy" specifically to provide cover for the Dems, so they could feel like they "got away" with it (provided they actually "left" me alone), making the markdown essays on Bickle Bin Laden, hoping for the best. End on how you thought anyone with two cents of a writer's instict would realize I was making a joke, albiet one that would cover me from a smear of being a "violent leftist anarchist", and the biggest "tell" that this was a joke was the line about Hitler, Mussolini, and Sowell. It was there all along.
