# Pt 1 Ch 2

### Notes

1. Ch 2 - First week at Vouch, Wednesday you innocently (hah) mumble out loud while reviewing the code base about "authentication", Thursday the CPO hints at audio surveillence via a work email, you reacting non chalantly (Thursday), then Friday they react by theatrically cutting your internet connection to see how you'd react, explain rationale and end chapter with you saying out loud to your work laptop you're now 95% sure is being used as an active audio surveillance item in conjunction with at least private companies (spectrum cable) if not government actors (the people who would convince spectrum cable this was not fascism): "Look, great, you hired someone from the mob or something to cut my internet connection down. I'm very impressed. Now I'll have a bunch of paper work to do, so if you're done impressing your friends, I'd appreciate you never doing it again." End Scene / chapter, explain your theater was in response to theirs, and knowing they were as full of shit as you were, just not nearly as entertaining. Mention Eloise indicating Rachel Bird's departure on Friday as well due to a previous sexual harrassment issue, and feeling as though she knew about the internet thing.

#### rough week outline
1. Monday - nothing weird, just Ronnie wasn't at the company after interviewing me 3 weeks ago
1. Tuesday - nothing weird, just noting the company seems a bit more "up in the air" than organized, more typical for start ups in general, but disappointing none the less -- Ronnie's departure seems likely a reason for this, but it's hard ot understand why one woman woudl mean that much to a company and leave so suddenly (i had no impression while being interviewed she was quitting, indicating a director gave 2 weeks notice and bounced)
1. Wednesday - nothing weird, start looking through codebase, note out loud it's weird they used Auth0 given how many developers of all kinds they had, seemed wasteful but more indicative of, in my experience, growing pains (it was useful then, it's probably not now, surprising they haven't ditched it given their VC funding size though considering it's not a requirement), that said I did talk aloud in front of my computer aobut "authentication"
1. Thursday - weird email re: authentication being discussed by a CPO almost *too* out of place, saying out loud "I wouldn't care if you were listening to me, I'd be more impressed if you were listening to me in the kitchen", proceeding to talk shit about them while washing dishes
1. Do the thing with the elipses to separate paragraphs and, take a moment to reflect that at the time of writing in 2023, a 21 year old Air National Guardsman is accused of leaking state secrets onto a "gamer focused" chat service called Discord after repeatedly being seen taking written notes and looking into intelligence information that had no relation to his day job. I had already felt that a combination of the tech company I worked for and some set of government services, along with at least a background check company if not another security firm altogether, were colluding in spying on me -- well, maybe. My assumption going back to the BSOD was that if this was that, then it was an effort being led by nearly one if not a tandem of 21 year old State workers who have constant access to intelligence outfits alongside the authority of the government, and that, if I could stop something like that, I oughta at least try. What am I afraid of, children in the government, which hires millions, whose brains have been warped by twitter so much they'd abuse a Federal Intelligence network for the gain of emoji approval via an internet chat service?
1. Friday - internet taken down, realizing it's just my apartment and not the area, assuming it's Vouch realizing this is gross abuse of authority that I will never have a legal claim against nor or a credible public claim so I might as well handle it myself. I act like I'm some sort of government worker and they've made paperwork for me and nothing more. If they're stupid enough to keep working within the government and not just, have like, a direct conversation about audio surveillance with me, then they deserve it, so after thinking things through, I say what I said to the audio surveillance laptop. My manager Eloise, in a weekly 1:1 meeting seems aware of the internet issue in an emotional tell. Eloise then tells me someone is leaving after being given 2 months off due to a sexual harrassment issue, and then after one week back, Rachel decided to leave. I wonder if somehow I scared Rachel away (hardly, I'm not _that_ good looking), but moreso I begin to wonder if Ronnie left due to similar issues of harrassment or sexism against women within Vouch, and I wonder if they did this internet trick to Ronnie or Rachel, and I felt better about my choices afterwards. Also, did Rachel Bird use Ingrid Bertram as a Slack photo, and if so, what was she trying to say with that? It certainly wasn't her face in that black and white photo with the movie lighting. After 1 week? No one gave me any work to do. Startups, I guess.


### Draft

> "In any kind of covert operation, one of the toughest challenges is using information you're not supposed to have." - Jeffrey Donovan as Michael Westen from Broadcast TV's _Burn Notice_

I started at Vouch in early 2022, but back in 2020, I went through an experience that confirmed to my suspicions that some companies in "big tech" were using audio surveillance on their remote employees. As a computer programmer, I knew this wasn't hard to pull off and hide -- audio processing takes a minute amount of power on a modern CPU, to where it wouldn't interfere with the average worker bee's day. The way I figured out was the immaturity in how the audio surveillance was being used -- it seemed if I setup myself as a joke, my bosses were more than likely to play off it in meetings, indicating they were listening, and they were not threatened but willing to use it as a cheap way to feel superior, like children. But that was then.

Back in 2020, I was working for a former frat boy president running a startup in an industry known for emotional immaturity, surrounded by mid 30s and 20 year olds. In 2022, I was starting at Vouch, a company being run by 40 year olds, surrounded by 30 year old co workers, in the decidedly more mature industry of business insurance. I thought, before starting, that even if they used audio surveillance, surely they'd be more mature about it.

After 2022, I wonder if emotional immaturity is more acceptable compared to pure political cowardice. I didn't get a severance after being harrassed via "covert" audio surveillance in 2020, but at least compared to 2022 the government never got involved, at least to my knowledge, and certainly not my _mother_.

...
