# Chapter 5 - Third Week at Vouch, 2/28

### Notes

1. Monday - sent xfiles theme (covered in previous chapter), 
1. Monday / Tuesday - 1:1 meeting with Damon Hastings, he reveals taht Rachel Bird had two sexual harrassers, one of which is still at the company. Given that Rachel was in her early 40s / late 30s, I assume this had to be an older person, given both her age as well as the fact that they were still at the company. I felt the most "loserish singledom" while still being a "powerful person" in the aura of John Wallace, a man who seemed to be running away from me in meetings.
1. Tuesday - All hands meeting afterwards, saying something as an indian man that another indian man said possibly at the same time, flinching, assuming they think I'm a mega hacker because of a simple twist of fate, responding to Hodges' bringing up the company standard of the "golden rule" (treat others as you would wish them to treat yourself) by shouting out "you have me on audio surveillance!" Look if I could audio surveil my bosses right back, maybe I'd be ok with this. Rajat seemed to be "eating" while filmed, I don't know what he meant by this if anything, had to be a communication because it was too unprofessional for a CPO at an all hands, IMO. John Wallace seemed surpirsed to be called on by Hodges to speak, and made sure to hide half his face on his webcam when doing so. It felt like an HR person was aware as well, which kind of offended me if true, but was just based on a suspicion based on reading faces.
1. Tuesday - After all hands was a scheduled "meet the C level" meeting which was canceled my first week. I was suspicious of that cancellation and I was suspicious of the previous day's all hands meeting so, to test for reactions, I played my guitar and sang two covers, first the Beatles' _Oh! Darling_ and David Bowie's _The Man Who Sold The World_, understanding the implications if and only if they thouhgt I was some weird super criminal, and thought why not. 3 out of the 4 C levels that _were_ at the all hands previously all of a sudden weren't at the next meeting. I didn't think my performance was that bad, even if you were listening over audio surveillance, as to not show up to the meeting about introing the C levels. They left the youngest C level to the meeting, and he had his face plum as a... plum, I guess. He was very red in the face. Later that evening, they cut my internet connection, again. I was rewatching _Death Note_, and this annoyed me, but it came back on shortly. The horror show begins as this forces me to finally look at my Boss' LinkedIn, and realizing the CEO not only held some good governemnt position with DC at some point, even worse, he may have attended college with my _sister_. Awful.
1. Thursday: Indian guy I spoke over has a interesting bio over slack when introducing themselves, apparently they play drums and bass, did they think I'd start a band with this guy? I look up his LinkedIn and later put together that he went to college around the same time as Cody, Vouch's recently hired security guy, pretty sure it was Purdue, might've been Colorado state. Felt like confirmation that the reason Hodges flinched so hard when I said what the indian (I mean, he was jsut brown, idk he may not have been indian btw) guy was a plant meant to "lure" me into revelaing this or that and they hired him for that reason. His resume otherwise didn't seem business insurance related so idk.
1. At some point in a "DEI chat" focused on women's history month -- which started that week on 3/1, the prompt of "name a woman who you find influential" or osmething was given. Many C levels and employees, around 30 total, were in the chat, posting messages on famous women, and sometimes their own family members. Sam Hodges, the CEO, posted about his grandmother, whom was a scientist. I was alarmed at John Wallace' posting on his Mother, referencing how she was a diver who once dove with all her clothes on at a party, and preceeded all that with this amazing wordplay: `It's hard not to lose at so many woman, but if I had to choose...` -- I think he meant `It's hard to lose given so many amazing women`, but, that's not the words on the Slack, and furthermore, he didn't edit it. That told me the CIO was in a position where no one in the company could DM him and tell him to edit his oddly worded sentence that seemed to say women were a thing to win or lose at, as opposed to, you know, women.
1. A "woman's history month" group meeting is brought up on Thursday I believe. During a "breakout" session, a caucasian woman seems to be really chatty about the Sandanistas, and in a way that makes me feel like she was feeling me out. This indicated that yes, whoever was "coordinating" this "intelligence operation" was working with the employees of the company as opposed to using more normative intelligence research, digital, namely. This indicated to me the head of the operation didn't trust the technology people as much as their ability to cosign on a plan they came up with, and they didn't know enough about technology to work with it, trust the right people, or be guided by anything aside from their ego. They also thought I was a political radical, quite obviously. I'm still lost as to what the Sandanistas have to do with a white woman's perspective on Woman's History, but maybe it's because I'm a college dropout. 
1. I ask a young asian woman who is a developer I have a 1:1 intro meeting if the company has considered using NoSQL to some extent (even if within PostGreSQL, fwiw), and she responds with some suprise in saying that she suggested it months ago, and mentioned some male leadership frowned the idea away. She seemed surprised to see me, a man who had 15 or so years experience, to be agreeing with her, a woman with less experience, and I began to wonder if the company had more than a standard sexist attitude towards women, amongst their internal communication structures, which would explain Ronnie the Director's departure. To be honest, the considering towards NoSQL had to do with me seeing their data structures change over time in the logs, and maybe at the time of discussion from the younger woman's POV, those changes hadn't brought up the obvious advantages NoSQL would provide the company in structuring data around differing insurance plans and versions per client. Maybe, but probably not, given my recollection of the git log of code changes. People really get caught up in "the rails way" sometimes. Try not to be too nerdy with this point.
1. Wednesday - Friday (all further points in this time range) - Rental cars start showing up across the street under the FDR, freshly washed, of different sizes, some seem to bulge past their normal make size. Sure, I watch a lot of _Burn Notice_, but if those cars _were_ retrofitted to be armored then... well... uhm... and my boss was a part of the Obama admin technically well... uhm... what type of representatives from this country would rent cars _and_ possibly show up in armored vehicles as well? It was a fantasy, but I remember this was the first time I thought of the WH admin being involved via the SS (secret service) and coordinating with NYPD as they often do. I remember thinking: _That's fucking wild. That would only prove itself true if this thing gets more dipshitted and somehow continues past this one job, so it's probably best to not think about._
