# Chapter 6 - Fifth Week at Vouch, 3/6/22

### Goals

1. Introduce potential Razzlekhan connection - At some point, either prior to or after describing the day of feeling followed / attempted to be weirdly entrapped on 3/7, bring up that unbenknownst to you Netflix was making a documentary series based on Crypto fraudsters that were also into music and kind of kooky, though, in your opinion, not nearly as kooky as you. The interesting thing is the fraudsters, one named "Razzlekhan", were right down the street from you in the Financial District. Probably best to describe afterwards, but decide when writing, as it explains why everyone that may have been setup to surveil or try to entrap me on 3/7 were acting "stupid as fuck" and rather "immature and obvious" about it. At the time, I took it to mean that the boots on the ground were not taking the job of the CO in charge seriously given that it was maybe just a financial or political favor they all realized was ridiculous because I'm not a criminal. However, I now am highly suspicious they were connected to the Razzlekhan show, and many were acting non seriously out of the hope of being on a television show. It's a great way to (finally) introduce Netflix into a book they're in the title of. Make clear that you didn't know about this until later that December as needed, but best to be clear about it.
1. Fourth week, being followed / potentially entrapped in the streets, detecting a very non serious vibe. Realizing you're being "investigated" likely by feds, cops, and maybe private folks in some tandem thing the way it feels, and take the time to speak about this to the audio surveillance on the laptop. Maybe indicate to the reader that you weren't thinking a TV show could really be possible, but in retrospect, it should've been obvious all along, like a film noir or something. I dunno, maybe you don't have to mention it if the title is _How I got my Netflix Show Cancelled_ but anyway. Oh yeah there was me giving you the chance to kill me late that one night, grim.

### Notes


1. 3/7 Monday -- I thought after the last week's meeting I had psychogically fucked with the company's C levels too much based on their over actions, and said outloud to my laptop that I would miss the next company all hands and just take a walk so we can all have a break. I gave them a few hours notice I suppose, which may explain why I felt like there was a network of actors following and getting ahead of me, with some I believe attempting to entrap me into at least a coversation. I thought they all had a goofy vibe about it though. Need to decide level of detail. I could even link the dropbox video maybe, idk. Def bring up the guy dressed up like a "mobster", possibly.
1. 3/7 Monday -- Came back after walk to talk shit to laptop. Told them that I figure'd at that point they were a mixture of private folks and some working with the government in various levels based on how weird they were being, noted that some seemed like "hackers" trying to see if they knew me based on the appearance, everyone else seemed like different types of cops or feds, and that they were all stupid af, basically. I mostly just wanted to laugh at them and show I wasn't afraid, and I was aware they just followed me and in some cases did weird things.
1. 3/8 Tuesday -- Pissed off at yesterday's shenanigans, and wondering what the fuck are these people _actually_ thinking, I decided to play deeper into shit talking, figuring that yes, if they're not taking this seriously, then my continuing to do so would help me maintain control of the situation. At least I'd be leading them, if leading them on. Pretty sure, heavily inspired by _Burn Notice_, I made some light allusions to being someone who helped "psychologically break up" "criminal social circles" and possibly in places like Afghanistan, to my laptop. The purpose of this was to keep playing into a "character" of some super criminal which would justify this level of financial investment into "investigating." Perhaps this is akin to how those being tortured make up things to avoid being tortured even if for awhile, but, idk that can come up later, if there's a clever way to wink at it wihtout saying it, maybe at this point. Anyway I remember saying shit like "you don't need to worry about me, you need to worry about how bad you're goign to look and who ends up pointing the finger at whom six months down the line" -- this was meant to try and turn the C levels against each other given Rajat's indication that Wallace was the one doing this. Why not? I was, again, just saying things out loud to a laptop while not in meetings, for this stuff at least. I remember reccomending Vouch figure out a "emotional exit strategy" because they'd all be freaking otu at each other. I'm guessing this brought them closer together, even if against me.
1. 3/8 Tuesday - Later that evening, I start thinking what if John Wallace was actually the one that was most pointing the finger at me? Emotionally, I could read childish excitement. I do some research into his LinkedIn, and based on his employment history quickly find his divorce records in Wisconsin. Apparently he divorced his wife _right before_ signing up with Vouch, I assume to make sure she wouldn't get any equity. I wonder how much Hodges and Hedges was aware of this, and thought less of them. I then thought of Wallace's odd mis-spelling in the DEI chat, and wondered what if the C levels were all turning against him, given that no one asked him to edit his sentence even for his own good? I then realized given the precedent I was setting, I should remind the people doing all this shit that normal people would _absolutely_ think they're under the threat of violence, and that their behavior was of the people that wanted be to feel threatened of violence. So I combined all of this in a way to see if they'd kill me. I mean, I could've been right, and maybe they would've killed me, so I gave them a walk as an opportunity late that evening, after making it clear by saying "hey if you gotta kill me go ahead, I get it." which is weird, but, therapy etc might be good to talk about a bit. They send someone on Grand to at least try and make me "flinch," which confirmed that yes, these people wanted me ot feel threatened of violence at least. I wasn't really threatened, really, and I wonder if that gave them the wrong impression about me. Guy I assume was sent to make me feel threatened feels guilty about it IMO, at least by my read, and walks away saying something about "not in NY." I think began to think this was mostly NYPD with possible WH coordination via the SS, based on politics mostly. I mean I could be wrong, I'm not dead after all, but I was pretty sure they couldn't kill me. I just wanted to make them look bad for trying, well, anything in response.
1. 3/9 Wedensday - Slack "Watching the Detectives", woke up late to a knocker saying "we go thte wrong apt", mention seeing that guy in June again in Essex market, take rest of the week off.
1. 3/10 - 3/11 - Wedesdany evening, Thursday, Friday - Get a little light show from the folks across the street, with a Tesla seeming very excited to potentially communicate. I wonder if these people are being nice, in that case, this would all go away as they're showing politely they understand. If they're fooling around, then hopefully this would end. If this was serious, then this will possibly get people in trouble and the situation will escalate as a result, though, at the time, I didn't think this was a serious thing
