# Chapter 8 - Sixth Week at Vouch, 3/13/22

1. Ch 8 - Pretty sure I said some shit over Slack to the CEO and CIO along the lines of "hey this may sound crazy but if you're surveilling me and it led to something we can just talk about it, but otherwise, I don't appreciate being intimidated by people who know where I live yet won't come to my door" later that day my access to company email / slack goes down, I'm told I was "hacked", and somehow my parents seem to be awfully familiar with the situation when I call them. Also, my sister could have probably solved things then and there, but, for some reason unbenknownst to me, considering her legal background in literally matters like this, couldn't. Later in the week I quit and write emails about my feelings. I get a decent but not terribly generous severance -- just enough to get another job -- and I wonder if that means they _didn't_ feel awful and sorry, and that they didn't just want me to feel like I had no reason to feel bad about what happened, which, honestly, at the time, would've cost like, 50 grand, maybe. Also that week, being followed by someone who seemed more like a fed than a cop into the weed store, noting the fed or cop felt very uncomfortable and was likely forced into following me. Next day or the day after the weird radio barge shows up, I realize that not only would people not believe me, but the state has spent millions of dollars on labor, travel, and... US Coast Guard asset deployment?... at this point, and they're suspcious about a video game that would have taken maybe 6 figures to fund and co opt if the Democratic party were... nicer people than they are, I guess, or at least less willing to risk state tax dollars in the name of personal politics, which, given I'm not a politcal actor or criminal, the Democrat party decided to abuse their presidential admin in a personal vendetta against me. Great, real believable.

### Notes

#### Monday
1. Monday - message Eloise, upset, insinuating I think I may have been investigated or under some surveillance thing due to misunderstandings potentially over audio. seems like it wasn't her responding to an extent, delays, I assume due to time lapse -- most important C levels are on PST.
1. Eventually somewhere before noon ET, I get restless and message Hodges + Wallace together. I say the same thing I said to Eloise though I do add some line about how "I'm not terribly interested in being intimidated by people who woudln't show up to my door to do so when they know where I live"
1. Around noon, or 9 AM PT, my access to the company slack and gmail are cut
1. Called by HR person, here weird audio to indicate third parties on the line, she claims that the company cut off my slack and gmail because I was "hacked"
1. I attempt at thsi point to reach out to my sister, mostly to see if she was involved or not, but also she could easily probably have stepped in at that point to help in a "legitimate" way given her career history with employeement disputes over harassment etc.
1. Call parents, to see if I can feel out their awareness, they feel not only aware but to some extent... enjoying it? My dad seems to be acting up the idea of me "taking some action" which I knew would _not_ be his true advisement given he's a company man kind of person. Tons of family triggers of growing up basically not trusting them to be truthful in their intent in vairous ways and that kind of sucks to start going through, probably affected me more than I'd like to admit.
1. Strongest tell on parents knowing is that they tell me my sister is busy ahead of time. Very suspicious to me, given how i feel they'd normally operate: mad, sure, but helpful.

#### Tuesday

1. Sister refuses to help. Her lack of willing to get involved indicated she was told not to, but, as her brother, I think that's just some bullshit right there and if it were me in her shoes, I would've wrapped this shit up a year ago, personally.
1. Start to have a bit of a back / forth with the lawyer, whom would liek to speak about the "hacking". Ms. Kelly Wulff refuses to let me speak to Eloise Jones, my manager, or Cody C, the person listed as Vouch's security employee on linkned in, during the interview. I mostly wanted them to be there to feel like I was being heard by people whom, yes, in a better world woudl be able to give their input on how to avoid this situation, but mostly I wanted emails confirming that Vouch's GC refused to let me speak to my LGBTQ female manager as well as the company's own security person over an issue of me being "hacked", and if Kelly Wulff had a meeting with all of us present, I woudl've used Eloise and/or Cody's facial reactions as a way to measure their knowledge of the situation. I mostly wanted to make it clear should I need to in the future that Vouch's GC made sure to control my story as opposed to let others hear it, at the least, for the implications.
1. Ms. Wulff tries to tell me "I got hacked" and that the "Sam and John got some strange messages on Slack so we shut down your account" I kind of fake accept it for a night to think it over

#### Wednesday

1. I decide to quit in the AM. Note that in deciding to quit, I largely did so because it also sucked as a business. Meaning, if this job seemed like it wasn't going to be another big tech shit show internally code and process wise, there was no point in staying past this harassment, given how the free market works. They really didn't deserve my value if that's how they'd treat me, and I'd be better off going anywhere else, in terms of providing proper assesment of my utility value.
1. I send am email telling the lawyer that I didn't want to lie and that I wasn't hacked, I sent those messages. I send a few emails as final messages, maybe just copy/paste who cares. Alpha dog references, introducing economic theory via phrasing that may have built up the image of me in a hazardous way given it was a tv show possibly, but, maybe idk
1. That evening, to test largely if these people were still listening to me, I say out of earshot of my laptop that I have my own "insurance" plan -- I insinuated specifically that I had evidence of them acting as criminals, as a way to test if they were still listening to me and stupidly had acted as criminals -- and I pick up the biggest USB stick I can find, and wave it in the window. I then go to Legacy NYC on Orchard and Delancey to buy weed. I don't feel followed up until I'm in the store, proving they at once _can_ and _cannot_ maintain their distance. The guy who followed me into the store, seemed, again, to my perspective, guilty about it and realized it was uncessary overreach, especially given the store's security cam. I regret making the feds suspicious of the store, but, they probably shouldn't of entraptertained them into further activity. I keep the USB stick in my pocket the whole time, and sigh. I figure'd they'd be smart enough to know how a USB stick works to not get weirder. There was the whole "copy that" tell on Shahim's part, include that as a prelude.
1. I consider to myself: whom could be powerful enough to get someone to follow me even though it's a bad idea professionally speaking? Is this political? Think about whether or not the VP's "top cop" status is worth bringing up at this point, but it was in the back of my head. Only as a possibility.

#### Thursday

1. I wake up and see the oddest surveillance boat / barge posted up across from my apartment on the East River that I've ever seen. I still have never seen anything like it. I think it was literally a makeshift barge with a whole bunch of random surveillance equiptment. My guess is they were scanning all bands of whatever is passed through the air to see if I was magically radio'ing whatever was on that USB stick. I was bluffing, I have no evidence of them committing crimes while investigating me, but as to my belief taht they committed crimes while investigating me, it has a lot to do with the series of events over these past few days. My best guess as to what that barge meant was that they were suspicious of me based on what I said over inadmissable audio surveillance. The flag, when googled, seems to relate to the US Coast guard, but is a legacy one that infers something about commerce I believe. I begin to wonder aloud if this had something to do with the industry in which I learned about audio surveillance in 2020; cryptocurrency. It's not something I paid attention to, and wasn't aware of the size the industry had inflated to and it's current overlaps with the government. I wish I had googled for it, but, I thought it was better to continue not caring about it.

#### Friday, Saturday

1. I just try and smoke weed, accept the severance Vouch gave me, and hope things just pass from here, and that I've made the situation as awkward as I can to make sure Vouch or whomeever else was involved would never do this stupid shit again, at some social loss to me, and hopefully at no further action on their part, given how stupid this shit was. I over estimated some things.

#### Conclusion

1. Make clear to reader that you feel the government committed crimes in their initial investigation, your faking liek you had evidence or notes of this to see if they were still listening led to a sloppy number of excuses at the Federal level to continue investigating me not for my crimes, but the evidence I may have against the state. Everything after the "radio barge" seen on the East River has likely been an attempt by the US Gov't to smear or incriminate me such to cover up the attempt to cover up the evidence I don't have against hte state and was making up jsut to see if they'd continue to be stupid (if I knew that was even possible, i would've tried different things, but I didn't think things could get stupider and really just wanted to see if they'd have the good sense to leave me alone.)
