# Pt 4 - Post Liveramp, possibly up to the knife incident -- the start of June to early August 2022 

1. Talk about Jesse Sommer + therapist having suspicious communications that felt off and oddly connected, though, with two separate overtones: the intent to exploit and the fear of being exploited, respectively. This proved to you that the Democrats were leveraging every resource they coudl to try and paint me as a psychicatric problem.
1. After being followed in the park, and before the "knife incident", recall making a website that was a joke called [bigbosswatch.com](https://github.com/ogbigboss/bigbossos) as a way to "respond" to being followed in the streets as described in the intro. While making this website, that weird thing with the cockroach that was of a type not native to the area happened, make sure that you read it as a "retaliation" for starting to work on a joke website. Double check dates from notes. After launching the site, they did the thing with the internet connection downing on you and the therapist, leading to the "knife incident."
1. Catch up to the intro, get to the knife, and maybe just hint at the very end about realizing you had a big batch of bootleg DVDs and you were aware a streaming network like Netflix, particularly with their CEO's political leanings, being one of the most likely outcomes, and if you could prove it (this is pre Paula Patton), then you'd know what to do: catch up on some movies, apparently. Just a day in the life of a not spy.
1. You could preface the walk to the police station with this internal monologue: _I love my mom, my dad, and my sister, and I really wish we could have resolved this whole situation in a peaceful way that didn't involve intimidation of my therapist via disabling our internet connections, but if my mom, dad, and sister are trying to play a game as I suspect they are, how can I best protect myself in this situation while ensuring that I don't let them get away with playing games when and where they shouldn't be. If I was wrong, I'd find out and pay some cost, but if it turns out I wasn't wrong, or things wouldn't have ever been this weird between me and my family, which, is saying something. I love them but I'm not going to lose for them if it means they have to win like this. I won't lose to them; but I do love them. So what if the government is involved? It's_ on.

```
if my_internet_and_my_therapists_internet_was_cut_to_intimidate_me then
  if my_mothers_sudden_phone_call_after_felt_weird_for_various_reasons then
    if I_act_out_a_routine_involving_a_precinct_visit_to_test_for_a_connection then
        if the_cops_do_a_routine_knock_and_maybe_mental_health_check then
          there_is_no_connection and
          youd_have_to_tell_them_youre_practicing_method_acting_and_apologize_profusely
        else if the_cops_dont_react_or_hesitate then
          yeap_uh_huh_your_parents_are_playing_games_with_politicians_and_netflix_super
        end
      end
    else if i_do_nothing_in_response then
      i_wouldnt_know_if_my_parents_were_being_deceitful_given_the_political_implications
    end
  else if my_mom_didnt_call_after then
    I_probably_wouldve_let_it_go_and_maybe_yelled_at_the_surveillance_monitors_at_most
  end
else if you_people_stopped_playing_internet_games_meant_to_intimidate_or_trigger then
  we_wouldnt_be_reading_this_then_would_we
end

function yeap_uh_huh_your_parents_are_playing_games_with_politicians_and_netflix_super
  pfft_time_for_some_tough_love
end
```
1. Note that your mother's phone call after your therapist appt where the internet connection of both you and your therapist were cut sequentially and theatrically such to intimidate; your mother intimated your presence may be needed in Los Angeles. Realizing I may be on some reality tv concept show, and not wanting to be "pranked" in a city where it's easy to leave someone stranded miles from civilization, compounded with the fact that I don't have a driver's license, made me want to avoid the risk of going to the West Coast for whatever stupid thing this was. So part of my calculation in going with the "knife incident" was to either keep me on the East Coast by circumstance, or, if they wanted to continue playing this game then they're going to have to shoot on location in NYC. I have some conflicts here as a New Yorker; such shit can be very annoying. That said, as a fan of cinema and filmed arts of all kind, if I'm going to be forced onto a reality TV show without my consent, then god damnit it's gonna be shot on location in NYC. No offense, LA. Maybe with a driver's license.
1. I think it might be best to end on the weekend before going to the Grey Lady. Maybe the last moment in the pitch can be when you were about to leave the apartment that Friday (nts: or Saturday? check email and notes), and in your bathroom you were saying out loud to anyone listening: "Look if you have to arrest me that's fine, just no Netflix or Hollywood bullshit, please." Apologies to Paula Patton, of course. I don't think she's bullshit, to be clear. Maybe make the last line an allusion to Paula Patton's appearance.
1. It took a few days, but your certainty of mom's involvement led to a certainty by at least that weekend that this did indeed come from the top, and likely the VP's office, and was likely... sigh... weird. It took seeing Paula Patton to realize that I'm probably best to bring things up directly. Remind and make clear to the reader that you didn't say or mention any Democratic leadership up until that point, particularly within the Biden / Harris admin, though you knew they had to at least be the propspective boss. Their presence, at least VP Harris', felt confirmed to you by your mom's involvement. There's only so many ways my mom's gonna actually lie about something and in a way taht is fun for her, and honestly, I know it sounds stupid, but I know Aparna Mallik, and the only way she would do thsi shit is for the first Indian Female VPOTUS, which is to say, I think she wuld've even turned Hillary Clinton down in a similar position, which isn't to say Hillary would ever do this stupid shit, but regardless, maybe you can leave that unsaid. The real point is you waited months to even acknowledge your suspicions out loud in order for them to save face, then spent most of August talking about grey areas or some shit to get them to know they could just leave - and yet - they didn't
1. Add that you went to the police station beacuse you had a strong feeling the VP's office was involved, due to VP Harris' history in law enforcement, she would have the ability to make a "loyalist" faction of NYPD work for her whim -- if I was right. I went to the precint specifically to make sure ALL or as many of the NYPD knew about this, so I wasn't just facing VP Harris' NYPD Loyalists, and the entire NYPD as much as possible, for objectivity #yespleaseALLcops
1. Talk aobut getting into philosophy, not knowing what you're thinking or talking about on the subject, but searching for someone who commented on fame. Talk about the Piano man game, likely close the chapter on the "from the second perspective" concept being inspired by the events described. End on this research finding someone describing fame as "an expectation" and given that you currently more than ever appreciated the nature of flaunting other people's expectations (you were at the time faking as though you were suspicious of the opposite political party than the one you knew was acting against you in an attempt to get them to realize they could just leave me alone if they wanted). Basically end on the idea that as of July 2022, you had made a personal decision that you didn't really want to be famous. It certainly didn't seem like it would be useful at the time.
