# Pt 5 Chapter 1

"Bruce Springsteen" saved my life is probably something that's been said before, and will be said again, about the man's music.

If you had asked me before 2018, I'd of told you I grew up in Jersey, and was familiar with most of his hits, but was really more of a Tom Petty guy.

After 2020, I'd of told you I was a big fan -- I even named a video game after one of his songs, well, sort of, also the Bible I guess, but whatever.

(I probably would've been too shy to say I had been practicing singing three of his songs every night just about for the year of 2019, but I parenthetically digress).

After 2022, I can say with a somewhat clear mind that Bruce Sprintsteen might've saved my life - but not with something stupid like his rock n roll music.

Without Bruce Springsteen, I'm just not sure that Netflix along with the Biden Harris Administration, the KHive DNC, and very likely Barack Obama's Higher Grounds Productions would have been held accountable or in check, such to create a semblance of balance, and I may have suffered a far worse fate because of my leap of faith.

Anyway, thanks Boss. If someone talks shit about you I'm going to maybe get into a fight with them, and then I'm going to get profiled for it in the future where I'm accused of having delusions of being a timeless and legendary Rock n' Roll act. I hope the horn section I hallucinate can be anything close to what you had IRL.

#### Outline / events / chapters

#### 8/6 post Grey Lady visit

- Recall trying to play videogames after 2 days of just lying down and doing nothing with everything turned off, playing for liek 5 minutes, and then turning everything off, deciding internally it wasn't the time to be passive, and begin a week of doing nothing essentially but sipping espresso, drinking 7.5 oz mini Coke cans, smoking weed, and talking aloud to myself.
- The weekend I was trying to figure out how and what to say and do. I kind of realized that from March to April, I was somewhat suspicious of the WH being ivnolved, and the weird "tactics" felt like someone with psychological damage was running the show. There are a lot of reasons that I would be triggering to a VP Harris. From May onwards, particularly after the failed right to abortion vote in senate, I felt more certain of her involvement and possibly being a huge distraction given the combination of the Senate failure + said psychological damage. I think at that point I said "fuck it" and brought up outloud by Sunday I believe that I was suspicious of her; though in truth I had been for awhile. My Mother's involvement made me more certain, of course.
- Then bring up saying "hey wait was that Paula Patton?" and then they cut your internet connection again lol
- Describe responding to them turning your internet connection off while you realized you were on a netflix show by acting like an asshole on your porch. Talk about benching the keybaord etc. Definitely bring up going outside and having a mic stand to your face, but just standing there not saying a damn thing for 10 minutes. It was to make it clear -- on camera -- and a fucking great shot, great lighting, beautiful afternoon by the way -- anyway, I wanted to make it clear then that yes, I can shutup if I want to. I'm not just "ranting impulsively" to myself. Meaning, I was in control. Also, the imagery of the whole stand up comic thing was funny to me. I think these fuckers missed the point though.
- This was the first time you responded to Spectrum texts about delays in internet connections by saying "no worries you just keep following orders" in your first of many allusions that this is more or less fascist behavior
- Introduce the Dollar Bill Butcher character - a real life fictional federal crime doer - and talk about other shit you put on your window that day, particularly _Priceless_ by William Poundstone along with a hint that the misunderstandings economically speaking were also kind of foundational to the CIA, like it or not. I really thought that no way these Dems would want ot actually _have_ that conversation and fuck off. They didn't. Pretty sure I put a copy of _Killing Them Softly_ up there but probably not that day, lol.
- After the before, describe going off on the Dems a bit, and letting them know you knew this had more to do with that video game project
- Recall how you told them -- I believe on 8/8 if not 8/9, or at least whoever was listening to me at the time, that if successful your "dream project" -- and this was true, if something you held personally to yourself given the expense of the project -- would be a Harriet Tubman video game where you play her and it's like one of those spy / stealth / assasin games. I had a whole idea with regards to celebrities. I remember thinking in late 2020, and literally saying this shit to my window and likely surveillance friendos early August of 2022, that my only other owrry than money was that I needed a way to make sure that celebrities wouldn't fuck around with my scehdule just because I was some video game guy. But this was all a dream, at least in 2020. Anyway I said that shit to make VP Harris feel bad. And it's the truth -- all of it. I can understand why she got so mad and needed to shut down my future from happening. I also said she couldn't be in the game as a celebrity given her... law enforcement career, essentially. I did that shit to be mean.

#### 8/12 or 8/13 Best Buy to Guitar Center to Taco place to Legacy to Home Visit
- nts: check receipts on CC purchases at either GC, BB, also you stopped by legacy later, check email to confirm
- Talk about leaving that day, as you were waling out of the building your neighbor Mr. Gibbs says "whatup God" to me despite never talking to me "like that" in my ten years of acknowledging to him our shared presence as we pass in the hallways and streets. He seemed to be waiting for me to deliver that line. I was ranting to myself all week previously -- alone in my apartment with nearly every single electronic device that I own shut off on purpose to show the point that I wasn't communicating with anyone --  and one joke I kept making -- sorry Hollywood I wouldn't of been critical had I really thought this would go this far and whatever I'm just joking I just don't want to be anyone's art critic but I digress -- was about the LL Cool J / Omar Epps / Nia Long 1999 film _In Too Deep_, and how yes, I thought I would have made LL's character call himself anything but "God" as a nickname. You can watch the movie. Anyway I might've been making a bunch of jokes about that movie, considering I felt certain and was hoping that I at least got the NYPD to join in larger portions of whatever this was after the events of the previous week, and I felt like it was a movie that perhaps exagerrated a lot of things about the situation it was portraying. Mr. Gibbs saying this to me was a clear sign they knew, and were hinting to be kind about it with a joke. (nts: stop writing copy in notes)
- Talk about Guitar Center / Best Buy visits on either 8/12 or 8/13 Friday or Saturday, it's worth writing almost every single oddity since they were all humurous and indicated that yes, it was a reality tv show.
- Also, yes, somehow this guy at guitar center is hinting that he seems to know exactly the songs I cover in the privacy of my own apartment - VH Dance the night Away, other tells, and haven't necessarily even recorded myself on any device (probably? would this matter?), and yes, if I play even the rhythm to a certain Paul Simon song, and even if I drop the key a step and a half, playing just a hint of "She Loves Me Like a Rock" makes people run away laughing from me after obvviously having a scripted conversation about "obsession" that would be awkward even if it weren't Reality TV. Bro, just sell her a guitar for her kid. Anyway, describe every detail.
- It made it clear, especially at Best Buy, that you were being tailed and setup in an obvious way, many folks seemed more related to law enforcement than not judging by their visages, cadences, haircuts, and outfits, though some seemed to just be employed and in on the gag, and some -- particularly the GC guy -- seemed like an actor setup with information given that I was hinting at going to Guitar Center that whole week.
- Point out the guy who as you walked into Best Buy talked aloud about 55", whcih is a TV size. Recall how you played JJ Cale's Magnolia recentlyish, and thinking they were hinting at either something that was going to be on the TV's in Best Buy's famed "Magnolia" section, OR, that they were trying to hint you're being watched at through one or both of your own 55" TV's, something you had assumed had to be at least setup on your Bedroom TV (hey you pervs) since March given the events that occured in May/June/July and the previous week -- either way you purpsoefully avoided the bait and didn't go into that section
- Definitely talk about seeing the blu ray security cases in a box to be thrown out, how the main entrance was blocked, feeling suspicious of that being a setup or hint to me talking about working at Blockbuster and knowing how to break into those. Allude to _Watching the Detectives_ being a movie taht exists, possibly. Maybe use a _Cypher_ to do so. Ok, I'll stop being so awful, just call me _Codename: The Cleaner_. Ok I'll stop.
- DEFINITELY mention that you felt one guy who looked like a cop and felt was following you around a bit cracked up when he saw you cover up the Netflix gift certificates with Regal Theaters' gift certificates. I felt pretty certain Netflix was behind things at that point and decided not to press the point or topic more for some weeks to months feeling they had to be linked to a lesser subsidiary. I also knew the Obamas had _some_ kind of corporate relationship, though I didn't know the details, because I didn't care. But it was all in my head at the Best Buy, I just was hoping they'd all run away before I started Googling again. The truck fire in late september made me start googling again. (nts: really stop it with the copy)
- Talk about how you go to Legacy after Best Buy, how it felt clear there was an opportunity for Mars #1, Lisa felt defensive of you, and that they had a bug zapper out front. An eventual recurring theme. That said you felt Mars #1 was very suspicious - it was actually your first time meeting her I believe - and thus you watched _Mean Girls_ later that night.

#### Post BB/GC/Legacy visit weekend

- Recall spending the weekend talking the events that took place in your life from January to that point aloud to "yourself" in your apartment. Having ascertained that you were being recorded, it was likely for a Netflix show, and that it was to cover up the events of January to the present moment, or at best convince me "I was on a tv show the whoel time" -- which, while true, was obviously one that involved a speculative investigation almost at some point purely  motivated by a combination of a political witch hunt and a want to "use tech" like children with videogames
- The hope was that some "TV producer" who was also on the side of the "DNC" or some shit would hear me, realize that a bunch of TV people are inevitably going to hear these recordings, along with cops, etc etc etc, and it'd be best to leave as oppose to convince all _those_ people with _their_ connections that I wasn't telling the truth
- It also afforded me a great way to make sure I remember things; talking aloud or writing things down has an effect on memory such to aid it, at least def for writing hence notes in class, do some research on whether the same is proven true for takling aloud
- At some point that Sunday I believe I recalled that I thought, just maybe, the EMS guy who grilled me like he wanted to kick my ass that previous June 3rd was perhaps someone's kid
- That seemed to generate a direct response across the street, describe scene in DSNY parking garage with three guys, the one in teh center in a dierctor chair of some sort, I'm pretty sure, one goes into the red truck and drives off as soon as they make me making them making me. Remind the reader how long you've lived here, perhaps

#### The week they brainhacked my barber and literally hacked my Persona 5 game just for me to say I'd rather not hang out with them even if they have one cool friend with a band

- I believe the framework of the week should be hearing and compiling the hints in the game and then the walk to the barber -- first potential hack of Persona 5 dialogue in subway area
- next day walk to barber and back: women talking about bees, Mr. Bee's comments on broncos, red flag yellow shirt girl, red shirt "tu es mi corazon" guy, Hacha y Machete playing at Cheeky's (that was pretty funny tbh), possible higher grounds producer sighting (dont really need more details than you making an assumption based on a later group photo + them tailing red flag girl), the subway Persona reference, followed by you taking the bait and going home to play Persona, and getting a hint about "breaking into the entertainment industry"
- rant aloud in your apartment that you get it, and your initial reaction was this: _Look, I'll go with it, but you have to make things alright with my sister and parents as well since they obviously fucked up here more than I did_
- after taking another day, you tell whomever's listening that you're not interested, most primarily because they said some shit about bucking me like a bronco. Internally you thought there was no _way_ the Boss themselves said that, but there was only one way to find out: reject the dangle, even if it was for real
- make quick call to mom to see how real this shit may be, she starts talking about 70 year olds like it's someting special, felt like enough of a hint + her dialogue matched up heavily wiht Mr. Bee's dialogue, constnatly referring to a "70 year old bronco bucker" -- first of all, listen to that statement. That guy lives alone? Get the fuck out of here. You find me a 70 year old bronco bucker. That seems way too old for taht shit to me, but I digress. The emphasis on the age given someone else's then age was to me an indicator that both Mr. Bee, my barber, and Aparna Mallik, my mother, were being directed by the same chain of command
- tell whoever's listening including your parents that if you want, tell your people to send someone to kill me, I'd rather that at this point. I figure'd it was the most dramatic rejection I could come up with at the time
- end with taking a walkt o the store on Saturday and seeing a 40 year old man wearing a clean, newish Notorius B.I.G. "Ready to die" t shirt (the one with the baby like on the album cover), thought it was funny, well, at least it was awhile since I saw a Biggie Tshirt.

#### The week after the above

- Mostly thinking these people woudl fuck off
- Going to Legacy and realizing Mars #1 _definnitely_ is still hunting for an available opportunity, not her fault, but not what I was seeking
- Talk about playing _I Wish I Were Blind_, then hearing what to you sounded like apologia via Tidal DJ in the form of _Jealous Guy_

#### The week after the above (last week of august into first week of september I thnk)

- Deciding to use the idea of "witchcraft" against my enemies as they've been trying to position me as some kind of sexist or pervert or bigot towards women for months now, so, I thought that was funny and not exactly without it's foundations
- Talk about movies - the 4 of diamonds part of _Apocalypse now_ perhaps, talk about spells, and talk about it all in the framework of good old fashion as american pie _psychological warfare_
- Talk about talking about magic spells, how you said to someone you'd "bury your heart in the ground where you stand leaving you a walking zombie of a corpse good for nothing but fund raisers" - still one of my favorite lines of dialogue to this day, tbh
- messaging family about "honesty" spell, sister's response
- Technicaly at the time I felt I was setting up a future legal argument that "magic" is my religion, and these people were persecuting me based on it. Magic isn't a protected religion by the first ammendment techincally (nts check etc) but the fact that I could get female leadership to come after me based on "witchcraft" seemed too good to not at least _try_ as bait, that said...
- Shonda's words to Therapist to Twitter to Gina to perhaps poorly chosen phrasing to Ariana played by Uma and comic books. Also mention feeling like "spirirtual" types were eyeing you, which was hilarious, considering it was in reaction to the "magic" thing if anything.
- Make sure the reader knows you don't really believei n this stuff nearly as much as you did it to garner reactions from those surveiling you based on it. They'd either try to play me thinking I'd think this stuff was real, and double down on the delusional thing, and that'd be obvious (allude to truck fire moment). But also let the reader know that you did take the time to understand this stuff as "systems", and well...
- Either magic is real, or a distinct portion of our leadership society may be stupid AF. I'm still unsure.
- That said, early data suggests each time one gets COVID-19, there's a 10% chance of contracting long covid. Coincidentally earlier that month, and I blieve a day after "the knife" incident, the Federal Reserve published an article stating a 62% chance of adults reporting long term COVID issues as ahving cognitive decline of some sort. If there's a 5% chance that after one gets COVID they suffer future cognitive issues, one must wonder how the leadership class of America is doing, considering how much they traveled and contracted the virus on a regular basis. The attempt to paint me as criminally unwell may have all been the impulsive and defensive reactions of a generation of leadership undergoing mass cognitive decline due to a once in a generation virus like COVID-19, and reacting childishly -- using reality TV to fest delusions of grandeur -- in order to control the future of what is considered mental wellness; leaders often fear persecution to delusional standards, cognitive decline wouldn't help that https://www.federalreserve.gov/econres/notes/feds-notes/long-covid-cognitive-impairment-and-the-stalled-decline-in-disability-rates-20220805.html
- End chapter or whatever on you not liking the idea that "technology is like magic" - to you, "magic is like a good crime -- you're supposed to get away with it." Technology should do _exactly_ what it says, and have copious documentation available on how it does that. Copious. The budget ot make technology should include time for copious documentation. I'm digressing.

#### The first and last week at Glimpse LLC

- Describe first meeting with coworkers, several are making gossipy jokes about both witchraft and family estragement. Describe feeling it was likely that the KHive DNC utilized Netflix and surveillance technology to share this information about withcraft with my upcoming workplace to defame me before I coudl even start; anchoring me as crazy at a senior level due to what should have been a completely separate affair. Government collusion with businesses for political purposes have never been lamer, but being cool is not a requirement of Fascism.
- Describe the incident where after your boss feels liek they are forced to give you a "middle finger", you take the rest of your second day off, and then are immediately assaulted in the street by a King Mob lookalike who partially dislocates your sohulder.
- Describe the "middle finger" thing as likely happening due ot an escalation on your part
- From January to about August, you made a rule to no matter how you behaved inside your apartment ot be completely normal in the streets of NYC.
- During August, you started to "slyly" give "middle fingers" to people you thought may have been eyeing you bceause you realized you were on some prank show at that point and trying to make footage unusable - it's hard to build a prank show around a guy constantly giving the finger to your people. I think the incident at work was in retaliation
- After beign assaulted by likely a KHive DNC Netflix affiliate, I decided to change one rule after that day and eventually started by dancing in the streets like an idiot a few days later.
- Make it clear to the reader that for months you _purposefully_ didn't react in the streets to anything (recall biker cop as example), and since you realized you were ona  prank show involving coworkers, any "street footage" was an attempt on my part to sabotage the television show I didn't consent to be on. Otherwise I may have been more self conscious, to be honest.
- That said reference Wanda Sykes' Biggie Shortie character from the film _Pootie Tang_ as your base inspiration for dance moves. Remind the reader that art is to be interpreted. Make a reference to Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Elaine Benes from _Seinfeld_, and then awkwardly end on some reference to HBO shows. Show, don't tell.
- If this was a revolution, my actions were to make sure that it wasn't to be televised, and nothing less. My escalating reactions were to alter their content strategies such to force budget constraints and eventually make them see a sunken cost fallacy and move away. Alas, these were not rational actors I was dealing with.

#### The second Springsteen incident, realizing a person "founded" the Rolling Stone and it didn't just appear in airports for me to steal on occasion, the Bernie Mac line about negotiating with children

#### The landlord of the flies and The quiet before the storm of the Truck Fire

#### The truck fire

#### End of section, last chapter most likely
- Dedicate a chapter at some point to introducing Neera Tanden as a character in your life at that point. You really didnt know much about her beyond what some media appearances and knowledge ascertained on the internet between the Obama admin era and somewhere in mid 2021 could offer. You had heard about combative twitter feuds, but only understood it the way you would understand anyone who was a societal leader would use twitter for social manipulation. Break down Twitter as a generic internet service and describe the ways someone like a Neera Tanden can use Twtiter, not just with their own personal accounts, but with associated accounts, staff, budget, and the influence -- both in real life and on the social media platform -- to coerce and get others to do your bidding to boost opinions past their true societal validity. Point out that as leaders this bears the risk of your underlings doing too much to impress you, and this is NT's fatal flaw as a character in this novel (be subtle at this point). Then bring it back to NT's political interests and recent history moving up the DNC foodchain by cyberbulling, and some available indications that the aforementioned poits are true given the "gang war" style of social harrassment twitter often implies. Could be a good chapter to end things on, either right after or before the truck fire chapter most likely, or break a section between the two. NT intro should be near truck fire moment as it was the peak in "racial insensitivity motivated by social status feuds and historical ignorance" which is to me "the problem with the internet" in a parenthetical nutshell
