# Chapter 12 - Sixth and Final Week at Vouch, 3/13/22

1. Ch 12 - Next day or the day after the weird radio barge shows up, I realize that not only would people not believe me, but the state has spent millions of dollars on labor, travel, and... US Coast Guard asset deployment?... at this point, and they're suspcious about a video game that would have taken maybe 6 figures to fund and co opt if the Democratic party were... nicer people than they are, I guess, or at least less willing to risk state tax dollars in the name of personal politics, which, given I'm not a politcal actor or criminal, the Democrat party decided to abuse their presidential admin in a personal vendetta against me. Great, real believable. I get a decent but not terribly generous severance -- just enough to get another job -- and I wonder if that means they _didn't_ feel awful and sorry, and that they didn't just want me to feel like I had no reason to feel bad about what happened, which, honestly, at the time, would've cost like, 50 grand, maybe. 

### Notes

#### Wednesday (evening)

1. That evening, to test largely if these people were still listening to me, I say out of earshot of my laptop that I have my own "insurance" plan -- I insinuated specifically that I had evidence of them acting as criminals, as a way to test if they were still listening to me and stupidly had acted as criminals -- and I pick up the biggest USB stick I can find, and wave it in the window. I then go to Legacy NYC on Orchard and Delancey to buy weed. I don't feel followed up until I'm in the store, proving they at once _can_ and _cannot_ maintain their distance. The guy who followed me into the store, seemed, again, to my perspective, guilty about it and realized it was uncessary overreach, especially given the store's security cam. I regret making the feds suspicious of the store, but, they probably shouldn't of entraptertained them into further activity. I keep the USB stick in my pocket the whole time, and sigh. I figure'd they'd be smart enough to know how a USB stick works to not get weirder. There was the whole "copy that" tell on Shahim's part, include that as a prelude.
1. I consider to myself: whom could be powerful enough to get someone to follow me even though it's a bad idea professionally speaking? Is this political? Bring up your stray, first thought that night that the VP's "top cop" status is being defended - VP Harris had little expereince oustide of admin and legal influence on the law, they never really had much "on the street" or "investigative" experience, and I wondered if they were acting as an inexperienced person in auhtority acts when they need to defend the reputation which earned the authority, depsite their inexperience: they overplay their hands. I see it all the time wiht programmers that lie about what they know; when it comes time to prove things they overcompensate. But it was just a thought. In retrospect it may have been a "true crime" Netflix producer which forced the decision to follow me into the store.
1. Make it SUPER clear that the guy who followed you into the store seemed to feel awkward and guilty about it, by your read

#### Thursday

1. I wake up and see the oddest surveillance boat / barge posted up across from my apartment on the East River that I've ever seen. I still have never seen anything like it. I think it was literally a makeshift barge with a whole bunch of random surveillance equiptment. My guess is they were scanning all bands of whatever is passed through the air to see if I was magically radio'ing whatever was on that USB stick. I was bluffing, I have no evidence of them committing crimes while investigating me, but as to my belief taht they committed crimes while investigating me, it has a lot to do with the series of events over these past few days. My best guess as to what that barge meant was that they were suspicious of me based on what I said over inadmissable audio surveillance. The flag, when googled, seems to relate to the US Coast guard, but is a legacy one that infers something about commerce I believe. I begin to wonder aloud if this had something to do with the industry in which I learned about audio surveillance in 2020; cryptocurrency. It's not something I paid attention to, and wasn't aware of the size the industry had inflated to and it's current overlaps with the government. I wish I had googled for it, but, I thought it was better to continue not caring about it.
1. Most likely responding to the stimuli in Ms. Wulff's last name, as well as the idea that this company feels that they are so dominant over me that they can lie to me, spread rumours within all levels and departments about me, and when I ccall them out on it, they try and invent an excuse like I've been hacked to cover up for their own embarassment -- if these people feel _that_ dominant over me, is it because they think they're special at something I don't understand? Because I think they're showing that they shouldn't be trusted with basic economic theory if they cost the government and themselves this much money and feel they don't owe me more to not feel awful about it, at the very least. Is this truly what society woudl prefer, were Thomas Rawls' veil of ignorance to be paired with Samuelson's revealed preference theory? I don't think so, I don't think anyone would want to be treated this way for the purpose of selling their normative, market valued labor services and then being put on a Netflix show without their consent -- not without being compensated such to not carry it as a burden further in their lives, especially their profesional but also personal lives. How would they know it wouldn't happen again? I didn't think they were valuing the severance appropriately after lying as much as they did to me. So that was why I followed up that day with talk about "alpha wolves" and "revealed preference theory". I also hoped such things wouldn't be peaking their interest -- my tone read like the act I was putting on -- given how embarassing I assume this all went for them. In retrospect, had I known about RK etc etc.

#### Friday, Saturday

1. I just try and smoke weed, accept the severance Vouch gave me, and hope things just pass from here, and that I've made the situation as awkward as I can to make sure Vouch or whomeever else was involved would never do this stupid shit again, at some social loss to me, and hopefully at no further action on their part, given how stupid this shit was. I over estimated some things.

#### Conclusion

1. Make clear to reader that you feel the government committed crimes in their initial investigation, your faking liek you had evidence or notes of this to see if they were still listening led to a sloppy number of excuses at the Federal level to continue investigating me not for my crimes, but the evidence I may have against the state. Everything after the "radio barge" seen on the East River has likely been an attempt by the US Gov't to smear or incriminate me such to cover up the attempt to cover up the evidence I don't have against hte state and was making up jsut to see if they'd continue to be stupid (if I knew that was even possible, i would've tried different things, but I didn't think things could get stupider and really just wanted to see if they'd have the good sense to leave me alone.)
