# Part 3: The Liveramp Fiasco -- the start of May to early June 2022 

### Goals

1. I mean, lol, just try not to sound like you're bragging. Or that you had as much fun as you did. That shit was hilarious though.
1. I think it might be good to have a flashback to twitch streaming from late 2017-early 2021 ish as an explanation of a) how you familiarized yourself with "reading faces" while on computer webcams before the general population could w/ covid, and you were familiar with tells such as "are they reading from a chat log like literally every twitch channel" etc. Also, this would explain how you may be... used to... acting as a "psuedo character" while on live audio / video feeds, though, that character was a "video game developer" and is a lot closer to "literally really you." Maybe, leave the identity crisis parts out.
1. This was why I may have seemed like I had "training" that put me ahead of... middle managers in tech mostly, who have no "intelligence" training, and then intelligence workers who may not be as aware of technological shifts due to being "in the field" and realize that the things I knew most of the "younger generation" that populated twitch (the development channels skew older, but, it's still younger) would know to a certain percentage. This type of surveillance "technique" -- audio surveillance converted to chat logs for your manager to be able to read in real time or at a later time what you were saying to your laptop -- would be the type of things children in America already knew how to, well, counter, intelligence wise. I just knew it because I thought streaming myself learning game development as a professional web programmer would be interesting (it was, sort of, but also a drag, streaming is a lot of effort).
1. Use the above as an... onramp?... to what happened the week of 05-22-2022, against being pissed off that these people were selling some bullshit ass software that was obviously NOT working out, why you, felt confident doing what you did. Also, audio surveillance not made like, clear, is not terribly admissable in court, and if they just.. asked me about what I was saying while on "mute"... well, I was literally, actually, working on a character, I was acting. Woops. Do you want to give me something to do at work so you can judge me on that? Because... I didn't ge tmuch of that here either.
1. Definitely a decision to be made here with regards to how much I reference _Burn Notice_ because it's almost too easy
1. Need to decide how much of "pre liveramp" needs to be discussed. Not sure anything outside of a quick chapter may be necessary, perhaps two.
1. Big decision on how much of the markdown essays should be here. They're great but... long... and... confusing, though I wrote them that way on purpose a bit.
1. Open a chapter / section with the pontification I've had that the second ammendment is misread wrt firearms -- the real question is when the government has tipped over into tyranny, should the citzenry have anything to do with it? Or just watch facsism rise and allow a new normal to be justified by a court system that is suffocated by a non working legislative system led by an executive system that seeks celebrity and fame given the success it perhaps cheated to win with doesn't satisfy it's ego? Again, if the government is behaving tyranical, and I didn't use firearms to stop it, how am I not just using my second ammendment right with another technology: audio surveillance? Originalism works in my favor, yes, albeit in my opinion, but with no bullets spent.

### Outline (remaining to write)

1. Quick intro chapter going over Twitch history and reading faces re: chat, then lead to social media socialism video game times in 2021 as a reason the cenrist Dems may be targeting you...
1. ... especially in light of the recent Dem's failure to secure Abortion vote, light suspicions you held of your actions being what caused their distractions & distrust amongst their own ranks
1. First week of LR -- intro suspicions in meetings re: the above, testing it via verbal dialogue on "mute" like last time, seeing much in that vein
1. Pissed off that you had to go through this bullshit, and relizing that your therapist was involved, talk about the markdown essays
1. Second week -- keep testing the above, get the strongest reaction wrt "the blown cover hair flip moment," being offended that many people were involved and at ages you found offensive, also consider that the hair flip was an attempt to intimidate me via gender egoisms I don't really have (I'm for all skittles haired people of all genders).
1. Weekend after second week -- You're going to have to talk about the Friday Night Loser porn thing. It's become historically important, apparently. Sorry, to the ghost of Ewen Cameron, I'm guessing you thought this shit would die wth you. Alas.
1. After discussing... the above... introduce the card reading thing you do on saturdays, how it was introduced to you, and why you take photos on your phone of every reading since you've been doing it on purpose so anyone "spying" on you would have to choose between me being a single straight guy doing a tarot reading every saturday or maybe I'm doing something involving a cypher, which would force anyone possibly spying on me to waste time and money being confused, slowly developing apophenia and looking stupider within their ranks for it. Also I already thought horoscopes and magic were fun so it wasnt that big of a deal for me. That said that week's reading, a day after the uhm... loser... movies... the long range card was the "Actor" card. So I figure'd I'd act. Ironically the "result" card was GK Chesterton's birth card, and the next week is more than likely the catalyst for the third round of my life as _The Man Who Was Thursday_ comes full spiral.
1. Discuss thinking that that wasn't _enough_ to stop what was clearly a financial opportunity, and you hadn't realized it til Saturday morning / afternoon. Discuss realizing the financial thing on Saturday, and realizing the best thing for you to do for your country was to involve wall st and make sure the widest audience saw this backfire in the most spectacular of ways. Talk about _Burn Notice_, and how one of it's central points was that to take down a criminal organization -- particularly one with government connections -- you just have to threaten the leadership, and I made a plan to threaten the leadership's ego while jeopardizing the thing they were selling to their clients: security.
1. Wrt "the plan", I also recognized in the first two weeks that LR had a distinct veteran population, on average with the nation's percentage but perhaps above average for a tech company. They had good in company systems on chat, like slack, so I figure'd enough of them would have to know about this situation if some of my coworkers do and it was all going so dipshettedly. I thought they would be able to tell what I was doing, and in the case of the US Army, calling that bluff usually leads to death by death choppers etc, but in my version, I just wanted the "investigators" to have a reason worth detaining me so they could at least admit they were audio surveilling me and we could have an honest conversation about my acting chops. That said, many fear honest conversation more than death by death choppers etc.
1. The main point, if there was any, was to have a bunch of written docuemntation about how this "investigation" led to the private citizen potentially going murder crazy, but most likely bluffing, both humiliating the C.O.'s and previewing a possible future scenario to learn to avoid doing this shit ever again, and held within the "classified" or whatever section of some "intelligence" or "investigations" or "security" agency or something at a national level, ending shit like this to some extent, or at least to me. If they wanted to speak to me about it, they could, but I think they knew I was bluffing given their future reactions. Some may have held out hope that I thought "I was Michael Westen" and delusional, but, no, I just know how to talk shit in many different ways. It's a particular set of skills. Some of you may have been quite _Taken_ with them. At any rate, I obviously pissed someone off, but I didn't think they could be that important in DC / whatever land despite my "worst case scenario" of the WH admin; that seemed too far fetched still. At the time, remidn the reader that you weren't 100% positive VP KH was involved directly, and held out hope it was someone down the line in the KHive DNC chain of command. The Mike Epps thing, followed by the Paula Patton thing proved otherwise. Allude to the reader about those two.
1. Oh yeah definitely bring up how you watched that _Mission Impossible_ with Paula Patton in it and kept on commenting about how gorgeous she is - which, yes, it's a true thing - out loud to the audio surveillance laptop which at the time was in a bag to the right of you on the couch, if memory serves, just for fishing purposes. Easy on the "reader, I told no lies" stuff. Allude to it coming back again. Let the reader know that you brought up at the time, and still feel, a spy movie centered around Paula Patton would be fun, to me, personally, a man of my gray tastes and all. If Paula Patton was in a spy movie in the future called _The Grey Lady_ I woudl die. Ok, anyway.
1. Third week -- well, you being weird is one thing, but also, discuss your suspicions with the TV hack, and whether or not that's true it may have influenced a certain side to try and convince me this was "something else" -- discuss the 30 cops vs 1 criminal arrest sideshow outsdie of your apartment, putting the markdown essays onto github
1. Memorial day weekend -- discuss the weird rocky & bowinkle villains you thought were hired models meant to make me think they were "russian spies" or some shit and started to wonder if there are two sides to this clown show. One side is trying to keep this "investigation" as honest as possible, and another side wants to make it hilarious and stupid as fuck. 
1. Fourth week -- shifting from murder talk to corporate "your company's kind of disorganized but that's ok" talk on mute, seeing effects. I remember also in an effort to shift to a more family friendly content format I began to lean on "italian mob guy" stereotypes of various east coast accents. I'm not sure why or what inspired that -- maybe the murdery talk, probably -- but it just felt like a way to keep things fresh, to keep them spicy. I had been playing a weird depressed guy who went "to the dark side" basically as a way to teach anyone on the other side of the shit show investigation what they're potentially doing to normal people and to just be normal next time you idiots don't create lone wolves in society you dumb fucks what the fuck is the matter with you -- you see how I just slip into it? It's a bad habit, but it's an incredibly humurous acting stereotype and I had fun with it. I hope some of yous kids did too. I thought it was fun for whomeever was surveilling me, had I known about Razzlekhan or thought I was on reality TV at the time etc etc etc.
1. June 4th weekend -- hamburgers, tevas, and shit talking with a side of thinking about keeping calm and celebrity birth-spawn. End with June 5th debit card fiasco, where you knew that there was clearly two sides -- one was honest and wearing a bjork shirt, even if they were investigating me, and the other was just trying to fuck me over anyway they could even if it meant outright fascism like using a state financed investigation to debit card fraud me because I made fun of some rich kid's shoes
1. Think about who would have the money and the access AND the profile to be fascistly stupid af, and check Elon Musk's tweets. Realize this is maybe an attempt by some financial folks + Democrat party workers to lure Elon into donating for Dems and other finance schemes by creating some weird side show around me, realizing I'd be his dream candidate considering my profile to "prove he was right" about "this and that or whatever". But also realize that _some_ people have to be taking this seriously, and wonder if "two sides" are forming, one trying to beguile Elon Musk via his immaturity into some kind of finance scam, and another probably trying to move on from this obvious civil rights nightmare. Make a personal note that if this stops getting weird, and someone like Elon was involved, that means Elon is more mature than I thought. If it keeps getting weird, well, he's probably just another guy who doesn't get jokes and catches weird feelings about it.
1. Last week at live ramp -- quitting, making a cover story about thinking this was a "right wing conspiracy" specifically to provide cover for the Dems, so they could feel like they "got away" with it (provided they actually "left" me alone), making the markdown essays on Bickle Bin Laden, hoping for the best. End on how you thought anyone with two cents of a writer's instict would realize I was making a joke, albiet one that would cover me from a smear of being a "violent leftist anarchist", and the biggest "tell" that this was a joke was the line about Hitler, Mussolini, and Sowell. It was there all along.


