# Pt 1 ch 4 -- Second week at Vouch - 2/20/22

### Summary

1. Ch 4 - Second week, start with google doc showing poor internal comms and shitty spelling at a C level, weird cross C level insinuations, CIO no show with weird camera tricks, lawyer also uses weird camera tricks, end with them forcing Eloise, my new LGBTQ female manager who seemed nice to act as though Putin wasn't a threat, which was weird, because this happened on literally the first morning after the first day of the invasion in Ukraine, which I assume is when most people in the US were just becoming aware of that event. I read the news, had they not, and even if they had, what the fuck is wrong with these people? Whatever, it was Friday. 

### Notes

1. Indicate that Eloise's awkward suggestion of Putin not being a threat -- smoething you read as not Eloise's genuine opinion but something she was asked to say, at least in your opinion -- that this had something to do with the Democrat party, possibly the DNC, and it was the first time the crazy thought that _yeah sure quite possibly the white house is inovlved but that would be absurd wouldnt it_, and kept the thought in the back of your head where you keep other absurd thoughts, and foreshadow the gradual development of that thought's relocation in your head
1. Talk a bit more about _The Promised Land_ game, check how much you wrote on it before, make something that develops on top of what was already said while explaining the motivations behind the possible noveau centrist lean towards fascism, just sans bittenburgers. "Politics"
1. End with addressing the possibility that your actions the previous Friday was the beginning of a butterfly effect that ended in that week's opening missive against Ukraine. Did you start a war? Absolutely not. But, if the Ukraine war started as a result of this, then it only solidified my mission in ending whoever did this to me -- if this surveillance technology could be improprely understood by politicians such to spread rumours in the intelligence world, the intelligence community understands the technology as well -- if even a single Russian embassy was asked if they knew me, word could have gotten out that the current Democrat administration was hog tied stupid when it came to intelligence, and that Putin realized he could start a war America couldn't intervene in because then he'd call out that they were spying on, well, me. Furthermore, considering I was already fearful of the Clinton-Obama crat wing of the Democrat party selling out to fascism in a way that was historically similar to their Liberal counterparts in pre WWII era Germany, then I felt more solid in my mission even if I, well, started a chain of events that has cost nearly a million lives. If I can stop WWIII, well, it wouldn't make me feel better, but at that point I didn't feel like giving up.
1. The important thing to note is that due to Democratic party's ignorance, they may have allowed Putin to enter and control a war. If this story got out, the public would easily recognize the DNC as Putin's puppet -- especially in comparison to me, given my lack of access or influence in comparison. I didn't really do anything to favor Putin, I didn't even bring up his name -- that was all the Democrat party working with Vouch. The nail in the coffin is the lack of war turning support from the US - the Biden admin's behaviors towards the Ukraine situation has been one of marked restraint, now the public may have their best reason as to why, and after the Epstein situation, probably won't trust any official word told via news the big channels as they didn't and don't with Epstein.

### Outline

1. Start off with weird google doc, lack of tech --> exec comms, confirm Ronnie's departure as meaningful: she was likely the conduit of info between Clevls and tech as a director, now that's gone no tech person feels good or confident talking to an exec as made clear in the Gdocs comments, also bring up John Wallace's lack of grammatical skill, which, as a native Caucasian American seemed a bit... callous, considering editing is allowed for google doc comments, and yes, allude to this coming up again.
1. Discuss `git blame` as a way to look through a code base's history, discuss seeing typical signs -- exuberance in commit messages gives way for terseness, attempts to introduce standards and technologies meant to replace outdated ones end up in a beauracratic rigamarole where we end with 2 standards as opposed to the better standard we were aiming for, names that were heavy contributors to the code no longer present, etc. Typical unorganized stuff, but surprising given Vouch's funding and executive pedigree.
1. Rajat infers something odd about John Wallace - that he "never saw a risk he didn't like taking" -- whcih felt awkward, and I inferred it as a wink -- _that guy took your internet down, not me, government spy guy_
1. John Wallace doesn't show at the Insurance meeting, as the CIO. Someone else is there, she's nice. But there's another person who's just... there? and positioned so their face is hidden. And from the chcago offiec. And not part of the onbaording team.
1. Legal counsel for the company, Ms. Wulff (nts: check emails), has an onboarding meeting, where in 2022 she's pulled a curtain so her webcam's white balance reacts by hiding half her face. Most anyone in 2022 after working from home knows this will happen due to the lack of light; just pull the curtain up, turn a light on, or in some cases, pull the curtain down, and turn a light on. Sure, a developer may not care, but a lawyer? And a woman? In 2022? If she's hiding her face, she's doing it for a reason, I think, though at the time I couldn't figure out why.
1. Eloise, my new LGBTQ female manager who seemed nice, also seemed like her arm was twisted to act as though Putin wasn't a threat, which was weird, because this happened on literally the first morning after the first day of the invasion in Ukraine, which I assume is when most people in the US were just becoming aware of that event. I read the news, had they not, and even if they had, what the fuck is wrong with these people? Whatever, it was Friday.
1. End with the butterfly effect thing, your one man Don Quixote mission to prevent WWIII before it collides with climate change turning your planet into a wasteland without one nuke spent (but many likely detonating in haphazard, unpredictable manners due to said climate change, creating dozens of chernobyls without a war, but anyway).
