# Chapter 9 - Fifth week at Vouch post being followed

### Outline

1. 3/8 Tuesday -- Came back after walk to talk shit to laptop. Told them that I figure'd at that point they were a mixture of private folks and some working with the government in various levels based on how weird they were being, noted that some seemed like "hackers" trying to see if they knew me based on the appearance, everyone else seemed like different types of cops or feds, and that they were all stupid af, basically. I mostly just wanted to laugh at them and show I wasn't afraid, and I was aware they just followed me and in some cases did weird things.
1. 3/8 Tuesday -- Pissed off at yesterday's shenanigans, and wondering what the fuck are these people _actually_ thinking, I decided to play deeper into shit talking, figuring that yes, if they're not taking this seriously, then my continuing to do so would help me maintain control of the situation. At least I'd be leading them, if leading them on. Pretty sure, heavily inspired by _Burn Notice_, I made some light allusions to being someone who helped "psychologically break up" "criminal social circles" and possibly in places like Afghanistan, to my laptop. The purpose of this was to keep playing into a "character" of some super criminal which would justify this level of financial investment into "investigating." Perhaps this is akin to how those being tortured make up things to avoid being tortured even if for awhile, but, idk that can come up later, if there's a clever way to wink at it wihtout saying it, maybe at this point. Anyway I remember saying shit like "you don't need to worry about me, you need to worry about how bad you're goign to look and who ends up pointing the finger at whom six months down the line" -- this was meant to try and turn the C levels against each other given Rajat's indication that Wallace was the one doing this. Why not? I was, again, just saying things out loud to a laptop while not in meetings, for this stuff at least. I remember reccomending Vouch figure out a "emotional exit strategy" because they'd all be freaking otu at each other. I'm guessing this brought them closer together, even if against me.
1. 3/8 Tuesday - Later that evening, I start thinking what if John Wallace was actually the one that was most pointing the finger at me? Emotionally, I could read childish excitement. I do some research into his LinkedIn, and based on his employment history quickly find his divorce records in Wisconsin. Apparently he divorced his wife _right before_ signing up with Vouch, I assume to make sure she wouldn't get any equity. I wonder how much Hodges and Hedges was aware of this, and thought less of them. I then thought of Wallace's odd mis-spelling in the DEI chat, and wondered what if the C levels were all turning against him, given that no one asked him to edit his sentence even for his own good? I then realized given the precedent I was setting, I should remind the people doing all this shit that normal people would _absolutely_ think they're under the threat of violence, and that their behavior was of the people that wanted be to feel threatened of violence. So I combined all of this in a way to see if they'd kill me. I mean, I could've been right, and maybe they would've killed me, so I gave them a walk as an opportunity late that evening, after making it clear by saying "hey if you gotta kill me go ahead, I get it." which is weird, but, therapy etc might be good to talk about a bit. They send someone on Grand to at least try and make me "flinch," which confirmed that yes, these people wanted me ot feel threatened of violence at least. I wasn't really threatened, really, and I wonder if that gave them the wrong impression about me. Guy I assume was sent to make me feel threatened feels guilty about it IMO, at least by my read, and walks away saying something about "not in NY." I think began to think this was mostly NYPD with possible WH coordination via the SS, based on politics mostly. I mean I could be wrong, I'm not dead after all, but I was pretty sure they couldn't kill me. I just wanted to make them look bad for trying, well, anything in response.
1. 3/9 Wedensday - Slack "Watching the Detectives", woke up late to a knocker saying "we go thte wrong apt", mention seeing that guy in June again in Essex market, take rest of the week off. I remember having perhaps one last meeting (though tbh it could have been the previous week) where it felt like another set of coworkers were hiding their face and maybe having fun with it; all located near Chicago. I began to wonder how much of this was being passed off as "gossip" given some people's excitement, at least as I sensed it. Either way, those that were hiding their face got me to think why, and then I saw that facial recognition scams were highlighted by the WSJ in 2021, so I'm guessing that was Vouch's excuse to see a criminal in me, though, it seems kind of rascist if you ask me. Only way to explain people hiding their face, though the lawyer's seems especially egregious in hindsight.
1. 3/10 - 3/11 - Wedesdany evening, Thursday, Friday - Get a little light show from the folks across the street, with a Tesla seeming very excited to potentially communicate. I wonder if these people are being nice, in that case, this would all go away as they're showing politely they understand. If they're fooling around, then hopefully this would end. If this was serious, then this will possibly get people in trouble and the situation will escalate as a result, though, at the time, I didn't think this was a serious thing
