# Part 1: Vouch inc

### Goals

1. Just retell the voch situation. About time you wrote it down now.
1. Focus on being aware but having to (or trying to) hide the fact that you knew it was the Democrats, likely the White House by their coordinations, and that your sister and parents were involved. Focus on juggling your own emotions -- which is trrue -- but again, will begin to undergird for the reader that Reagan was right in spirit, just not language. The scariest thing is a government man showing up to your door? Let's try annoying instead, I think that's a bit more universally true. Then again, these are Democrats. Anyway.
  1.1. You were doing this largely for your family's sake moreso than these politicians though, that's for sure
1. Might be very depressing to write about, especially as the suicidal parts come up.
1. I'm honestly thinking of just writing Mal's parts way down as a "therapist" and nothing more. It may be easier on the reader for Mal to appear less partial than Mal's leanings may insinuate or be of truth. Also, it's definitely the government's fault way before it was Mal's situation.
1. Definitely include emails and end with the idea that the Dems were embarassed -- and you intended for it.
1. Start the theme -- all of your actions fall under the category of "trying to get these dumb fucks to never do this shit again"

### Outline

1. Ch 0 - Short intro, blue screen of death, knowing Vouch was connected to current or ex Federal workers given the tactic of BSOD on a windows machine in 2023
1. Ch 1 - Pre vouch, describe yourself, light intro to the TPL project, describe leaving social media as it's hard to tell when someone is being dishonest vs. distrustworthy; the former due to subterfuge, the latter more often due to wanting to be famous, with a healthy manipulative overlap in between. Recognizig social media as a null zone for social progress (good things are canceled out by bad more often than they're worth, no matter what side you're on), and wanting to normalize my life outside of social media and politics, just with a job. Vouch... seemed like the responsible decision, given the pedigree of the founders as well as the idea that "what could go wrong in a business insurance company surely they've worked the odds to eliminate their own professional or personal biases I mean look at how many times they say DEI in the PDF etc"
1. Ch 2 - Vouch interview process, oddities in background check via HR dept, BSOD hacking attempt before starting
1. Ch 3 - First week at Vouch, Wednesday you innocently (hah) mumble out loud while reviewing the code base about "authentication", Thursday the CPO hints at audio surveillence via a work email, you reacting non chalantly (Thursday), then Friday they react by theatrically cutting your internet connection to see how you'd react, explain rationale and end chapter with you saying out loud to your work laptop you're now 95% sure is being used as an active audio surveillance item in conjunction with at least private companies (spectrum cable) if not government actors (the people who would convince spectrum cable this was not fascism): "Look, great, you hired someone from the mob or something to cut my internet connection down. I'm very impressed. Now I'll have a bunch of paper work to do, so if you're done impressing your friends, I'd appreciate you never doing it again." End Scene / chapter, explain your theater was in response to theirs, and knowing they were as full of shit as you were, just not nearly as entertaining. Mention Eloise indicating Rachel Bird's departure on Friday as well due to a previous sexual harrassment issue, and feeling as though she knew about the internet thing.
1. Ch 4 - A brief chapter where you emotinally reflect on your weekend after the first week, and how you try to distract yourself / endear yourself to one of your coworkers (T Thompson) via recording you playing with your new guitar pedals, something they've expressed interest in. When you pickup the guitar though, for _some reason_... the Xfiles theme comes out.
1. Ch 5 - Second week, weird cross C level insinuations, CIO no show with weird camera tricks, lawyer also uses weird camera tricks, end with them forcing Eloise, my new LGBTQ female manager who seemed nice to act as though Putin wasn't a threat, which was weird, because this happened on literally the first morning after the first day of the invasion in Ukraine, which I assume is when most people in the US were just becoming aware of that event. I read the news, had they not, and even if they had, what the fuck is wrong with these people? Whatever, it was Friday. Eloise indicated 
1. Ch 6 - Third week, C level no shows at C level intro immediately after I cover The Beatles' "Oh! Darling" followed by David Bowie's "The Man Who Sold the World" on my acoustic guitar, while singing. I didn't think my performance was that bad, even if you were listening over audio surveillance, as to not show up to the meeting about introing the C levels. They left the youngest C level to the meeting, and he had his face plum as a... plum, I guess. He was very red in the face. Later that evening, they cut my internet connection, again. I was rewatching _Death Note_, and this annoyed me, but it came back on shortly. The horror show begins as this forces me to finally look at my Boss' LinkedIn, and realizing the CEO not only held some good governemnt position with DC at some point, even worse, he may have attended college with my _sister_. Awful.
1. Ch 7 - Fourth week, being followed / potentially entrapped in the streets, detecting a very non serious vibe. Realizing you're being "investigated" likely by feds, cops, and maybe private folks in some tandem thing the way it feels, and take the time to speak about this to the audio surveillance on the laptop. Maybe indicate to the reader that you weren't thinking a TV show could really be possible, but in retrospect, it should've been obvious all along, like a film noir or something. I dunno, maybe you don't have to mention it if the title is _How I got my Netflix Show Cancelled_ but anyway. Oh yeah there was me giving you the chance to kill me late that one night, grim.
1. Ch 8 - Pretty sure I said some shit over Slack to the CEO and CIO along the lines of "hey this may sound crazy but if you're surveilling me and it led to something we can just talk about it, but otherwise, I don't appreciate being intimidated by people who know where I live yet won't come to my door" later that day my access to company email / slack goes down, I'm told I was "hacked", and somehow my parents seem to be awfully familiar with the situation when I call them. Also, my sister could have probably solved things then and there, but, for some reason unbenknownst to me, considering her legal background in literally matters like this, couldn't. Later in the week I quit and write emails about my feelings. I get a decent but not terribly generous severance -- just enough to get another job -- and I wonder if that means they _didn't_ feel awful and sorry, and that they didn't just want me to feel like I had no reason to feel bad about what happened, which, honestly, at the time, would've cost like, 50 grand, maybe. Also that week, being followed by someone who seemed more like a fed than a cop into the weed store, noting the fed or cop felt very uncomfortable and was likely forced into following me. Next day or the day after the weird radio barge shows up, I realize that not only would people not believe me, but the state has spent millions of dollars on man hours at this point, and they're suspcious about a video game that would have taken maybe 6 figures to fund and co opt if the Democratic party were... nicer people than they are, I guess, or at least less willing to risk state tax dollars in the name of personal politics, which, given I'm not a politcal actor or criminal, the Democrat party decided to abuse their presidential admin in a personal vendetta against me. Great, real believable.
1. Ch 9 - I will unfortunately have to address the issue with the biker cop on Broome and Ludlow; once again "I should've known" re: TV show stuff etc etc
