# Chapter 5 -- the optional chapter

### Summary

1. *OPTIONAL -- let's see how much these people piss me off in early June. I'll add it then if needed. Starting chapter quote should be hanlon's razor* Ch 6 - Brief flashback chapter outlining my reactions through 2017 as Rachel Maddow spent nearly a year + talking about Russian hacking and election interference, featuring many prominent Democrats interviewed on their opininons - _without ever discussing or proposing laws making hacking or election interference illegal_. As a computer programmer, I knew at least that this conversation was weird - was Russia doing untoward things election wise with regards to donations and social media? Surely. Were they illegal? Not even a little bit. Should laws be made, would they stop Russia as well as the Democrat and Republican parties from interfering? That's how laws work. Do lawmakers know this? Were they hoping for Democrat xenophobia to magically make laws that only affect Russian citizens at a time when they're not at war with us? Seems... dumb. I wondered if this was bias - but after Eloise being forced into acting that question, I know realized MSNBC's ignorance was the Big Tech company's ignorance was the Democrat party's ignorance around tech - they don't know the technical details well enough of the reality they're living in on the internet, and they allow themselves to be misinformed. It's also how I knew I was being harassed by the Democrat party at that point, if not the DNC portion that MSNBC favors. Again, not corruption, just technical incompetence is the accusation. If Russia can't do computer based election interfence, then the laws should stop Americans from doing it as well. Alas.
1. Deleted NT quote from 11/12/2016: https://web.archive.org/web/20200218123008if_/https:/twitter.com/neeratanden/status/797635134967005184
