# Chapter 11 - Sixth and Final Week at Vouch, 3/13/22

1. Ch 11 - Pretty sure I said some shit over Slack to the CEO and CIO along the lines of "hey this may sound crazy but if you're surveilling me and it led to something we can just talk about it, but otherwise, I don't appreciate being intimidated by people who know where I live yet won't come to my door" later that day my access to company email / slack goes down, I'm told I was "hacked", and somehow my parents seem to be awfully familiar with the situation when I call them. Also, my sister could have probably solved things then and there, but, for some reason unbenknownst to me, considering her legal background in literally matters like this, couldn't. Later in the week I quit and write emails about my feelings. Also that week, being followed by someone who seemed more like a fed than a cop into the weed store, noting the fed or cop felt very uncomfortable and was likely forced into following me.

### Notes

#### Monday
1. Monday - message Eloise, upset, insinuating I think I may have been investigated or under some surveillance thing due to misunderstandings potentially over audio. seems like it wasn't her responding to an extent, delays, I assume due to time lapse -- most important C levels are on PST.
1. Eventually somewhere before noon ET, I get restless and message Hodges + Wallace together. I say the same thing I said to Eloise though I do add some line about how "I'm not terribly interested in being intimidated by people who woudln't show up to my door to do so when they know where I live"
1. Around noon, or 9 AM PT, my access to the company slack and gmail are cut
1. Called by HR person, here weird audio to indicate third parties on the line, she claims that the company cut off my slack and gmail because I was "hacked"
1. I attempt at thsi point to reach out to my sister, mostly to see if she was involved or not, but also she could easily probably have stepped in at that point to help in a "legitimate" way given her career history with employeement disputes over harassment etc.
1. Call parents, to see if I can feel out their awareness, they feel not only aware but to some extent... enjoying it? My dad seems to be acting up the idea of me "taking some action" which I knew would _not_ be his true advisement given he's a company man kind of person. Tons of family triggers of growing up basically not trusting them to be truthful in their intent in vairous ways and that kind of sucks to start going through, probably affected me more than I'd like to admit.
1. Maybe reflect on realizing late in high school your parents were probably lying after most PTA meetings to try and give me fear the teacher's disapproved of me when they were normally glowing. I spent my childhood feeling suspicious as to why my teachers seemed so happy the next day to have met my parents; without any hint of chastisement. I eventually had to ask a high school teacher I was close to if they said something I thought would be off given their abrasive personality -- my parents tried telling me Dr. Orso felt like I just wasn't trying enough, and felt personally insulted to some extent. Dr. Orso would make you cry in the first two weeks if he felt like you'd be dead weight in his freshman chemistry classes; I figure'd he would be direct with me, someone I thought he at least thought was funny if not gifted, in his AP Chemistry class. So I asked him that summer at an AP Chem outing at his house, and he looked at me very confused, then realized I was lied to, then quickly cahnged the subject to his house, which he built himself.
1. Strongest tell on parents knowing is that they tell me my sister is busy ahead of time. Very suspicious to me, given how i feel they'd normally operate: mad, sure, but helpful. If it was a legal situation with an employer, well, that was literally Amrita's speciality before DEI. She would at least be someone to talk to from a professional point of view, which is my parents' primary disposition: they're professionals. If they can treat their kid as a professional issue, they would always default. Something was wrong here that they couldn't respect the basic nature of my sister's professional history. I could understand my sister's motivations at the time - her career, her word - but not my parents. But the last time I checked, I think they started watching Netflix.

#### Tuesday

1. Sister refuses to help. Her lack of willing to get involved indicated she was told not to, but, as her brother, I think that's just some bullshit right there and if it were me in her shoes, I would've wrapped this shit up a year ago, personally.
1. Start to have a bit of a back / forth with the lawyer, whom would liek to speak about the "hacking". Ms. Kelly Wulff refuses to let me speak to Eloise Jones, my manager, or Cody C, the person listed as Vouch's security employee on linkned in, during the interview. I mostly wanted them to be there to feel like I was being heard by people whom, yes, in a better world woudl be able to give their input on how to avoid this situation, but mostly I wanted emails confirming that Vouch's GC refused to let me speak to my LGBTQ female manager as well as the company's own security person over an issue of me being "hacked", and if Kelly Wulff had a meeting with all of us present, I woudl've used Eloise and/or Cody's facial reactions as a way to measure their knowledge of the situation. I mostly wanted to make it clear should I need to in the future that Vouch's GC made sure to control my story as opposed to let others hear it, at the least, for the implications.
1. Ms. Wulff tries to tell me "I got hacked" and that the "Sam and John got some strange messages on Slack so we shut down your account" I kind of fake accept it for a night to think it over

#### Wednesday

1. I decide to quit in the AM. Note that in deciding to quit, I largely did so because it also sucked as a business. Meaning, if this job seemed like it wasn't going to be another big tech shit show internally code and process wise, there was no point in staying past this harassment, given how the free market works. They really didn't deserve my value if that's how they'd treat me, and I'd be better off going anywhere else, in terms of providing proper assesment of my utility value.
1. I send am email telling the lawyer that I didn't want to lie and that I wasn't hacked, I sent those messages. I send a few emails as final messages, maybe just copy/paste who cares. Alpha dog references, introducing economic theory via phrasing that may have built up the image of me in a hazardous way given it was a tv show possibly, but, maybe idk
1. I get a severance package that covers a few weeks, and they do let me keep the signing bonus that technically would have taken 6 months to secure normally, but I still felt like there was no guarantee that these people wouldn't do this shit again to someone, and the way they priced the severance screamed that Vouch did not consider themselves guilty of at least harassing me. The whole reason Judges in courts assign settlements is to literally make sure there is a financial motivation to preventing illegal behavior on the part of the defendant. A severance that gave me at least a few months to myself to emotionally heal in private would have spoken volumes: they were sorry, thew knew they ddi something wrong, and that I needed time to recover, not an excuse to seek retribution via leaving a trail of breadcrumbs showing they caused me to undergo mental illness by purposefully triggering me ala social media techniques learned and perfected by the KHive DNC over the past few years in a media format I recently left. Anyway - because they didn't give a severance that spoke to their actions against me, and more spoke to the idea of this being a normative issue with a lower price point, I realized that Vouch and whomever did this were _avoiding_ the idea of guilt. The lawyer's comms spoke volumes to this. This meant that I could have no guarantee that they woudln't continue pursuing me. This guarantee was confirmed that evening by being followed into a store, a surveillance barge showing up the next day, and finally that following sunday with the "biker cop" incident.
1. That evening, to test largely if these people were still listening to me, I say out of earshot of my laptop that I have my own "insurance" plan -- I insinuated specifically that I had evidence of them acting as criminals, as a way to test if they were still listening to me and stupidly had acted as criminals -- and I pick up the biggest USB stick I can find, and wave it in the window. I then go to Legacy NYC on Orchard and Delancey to buy weed. I don't feel followed up until I'm in the store, proving they at once _can_ and _cannot_ maintain their distance. The guy who followed me into the store, seemed, again, to my perspective, guilty about it and realized it was uncessary overreach, especially given the store's security cam. I regret making the feds suspicious of the store, but, they probably shouldn't of entraptertained them into further activity. I keep the USB stick in my pocket the whole time, and sigh. I figure'd they'd be smart enough to know how a USB stick works to not get weirder. There was the whole "copy that" tell on Shahim's part, include that as a prelude.
1. I consider to myself: whom could be powerful enough to get someone to follow me even though it's a bad idea professionally speaking? Is this political? Bring up your stray, first thought that night that the VP's "top cop" status is being defended - VP Harris had little expereince oustide of admin and legal influence on the law, they never really had much "on the street" or "investigative" experience, and I wondered if they were acting as an inexperienced person in auhtority acts when they need to defend the reputation which earned the authority, depsite their inexperience: they overplay their hands. I see it all the time wiht programmers that lie about what they know; when it comes time to prove things they overcompensate. But it was just a thought. In retrospect it may have been a "true crime" Netflix producer which forced the decision to follow me into the store.
1. Make it SUPER clear that the guy who followed you into the store seemed to feel awkward and guilty about it, by your read

#### Conclusion

1. Set up a theme for the reader: at this point you were deeply offended by the idea that Vouch or whomever decided to "take control" of the truth as opposed to just letting me go with a severance that spoke to the trauma of the situation -- particularly historically and given their DEI Democrat leanings, given these events took place over both Black and Women's history months. Minorities of less power have historically had their voices stripped away from history and spoken for by the more powerful. This is essentially what these people kept escalating an attempt to do: author my future. I wouldn' thave it and I made a promise to make sure my departure would be as awkward and traumatic for the leadership involved as I could possibly muster. That way anytime int eh future they as leaders get an opportunity to behave like this, this situation would traumatize them due to it's social awkwardness and they would never do this shit again. Playing games with audio surveillance should forever be a disabling mental trigger to them. Well, they could've given me a decent severance to show that as well, but I guess they were the kind of kids that didn't like treats come Halloween.
