# Part 2: Post Vouch, Pre LR -- Mid March to the start of May 2022 

### Goals

1. You need to bring up making a "tiktok" just to try and give people you assumed were just federal investigators the feeling like all you wanted was to be a social media musician so they would fuck off and just let me play guitar covers and not act liek idiots at Liveramp. Instead, I think this really made everyone act super idiotically at Liveramp, considering the Razzlekhan thing. Some must've thought it "fit the content," others may have thought I was trying to "send a message", and well it'd be SO funny to bring up the fact that I'm pretty sure I covered 99 red ballons (nts: check tiktok stop being embarssed about it) -- I literally stopped because of hwo stupid Liveramp's investigation got
1. Talk about being depressed in the past, using therapy to not be as fucked up about it, but kind of lying about it to see if the government or whomever would try and use that against me (they did, they keep trying to, it's horrifying in it's implications)
1. Talk about patching yourself up over the next few weeks, being vocal -- just in case anyone was listening -- about a lot of my problems as a way to also just self talk my way through my problems. If whomever was listening got "pissed off" at my insinuation that many of my issues are from how I was raised, in weird subtle ways, then that was a heavy indicator that if things continued then somehow someone else's career now may hinge on the fact that they believe my mother's perspective of my own childhood more than mine, which, I can understand for my family arguments, but even my own mother never risked her career or livelihood over validating her or my perspective, we just have sore feelings over it. Whcih is to say, I didn't care if anyone listened to my self talk, I was actually legit very depressed, but paging further reactions to it for sure, beign aware that I knew I was talking out loud about my personal problems, as well as with my therapist
1. Dedicate some time to how you did indeed get to a better point by mid April, and made a plan to manage my debt + expenses against Liveramp's upcoming employment should it hold. I recognized needing an outside office as a way to just walk around, enjoy the neighborhood, and budgeted for that item at The Yard on Delancey, as a way to combat my depression. Despite the financial costs - 700 a month - I did this for my mental health but also in hoping anyone watching my behavior would see "wow, he's doing personal budgeting to help resolve the financial gap we caused due to the previous investigation, while reassessing what he wants in life to be more comfortable and spend more outdoor times and time around other human beings while working, maybe we should leave him alone." Alas
1. Might wanna dedicate a whole chapter to your own depression, collision with suicidal thoughts, how you've learned to deal with them, how you've accepted other people handle them when made aware, and how you used all of this to feel out the situation: did the government and private actors that positioned themselves against me at Vouch not care about my mental health, and in fact, seek to take advantage of it should I make it seem more unstable on purpose than not? I'll admit this was dishonest to my therapist, but, it was a special situation


### Outline


#### Opening chapter

1. Open with a chapter describing your circular strife with your family - you did get arrested for selling marijuana at age 17, which was quite a lot for your immigrant parents to accept, especialy given they had no normative friendships or regular social contact with anyone, and the somewhat distant contact we had with other Bengladeshis in the state as well as their relatives in India were of an infrequent contact, giving them little frame of reference as to how to move on from a situation like this. I don't think they ever have, personally.
1. I think this led to difficulty in college at NYU, talk about depression there. Talk aobut how you never graduated, and you still turned out ok, and talk about how as the years passed, you've always felt your sister, father, and mother -- all graduate degree holders -- have felt animosity that I found success in tech with only limited college experience, and without an undergraduate degree even.
1. You think that sucks, and you would like them to stop and forgive you for being such pricks for a bullshit reason like that, but you gave up on taht a decade ago, you tried to just ask if they'd forgive you instead about 5 years ago and that seemed weird to them, and describe to the reader that you were suspicious they felt the Federal Government wasn't being bogus as a way to emotionally reconcile they were right about me.
1. Speak retrospectively and hint that Ms. Tanden and Ms. Harris may have seized on this given my mother's and sister's idolization of the two. My family would indeed be delighted if I was never actually successful in tech - I was some sort of criminal this whole time, and they were so right it was going to be on a Reality TV show, and the VP was going to give me a reduced sentence because of it, or some such shit. Reader, I've never been a criminal while being in the tech industry in anyway that would support me financially. I'd say I have the receipts but so does the IRS, whom I owe some 5 figures to in back taxes. That said, stop writing copy in notes.
1. Allude to post 80s DNC shift towards "professionalism" and how it's hurt their image amongst the "working class", and I might be some weird oddity between the two of sorts during a once in a century economic and demographic shift, and possibly make an Ehrenreich reference but only if you can also involve Marie Kondo at the same time, AND it's worth it - if it doesn't bring joy, etc.

#### Further chapters / points

1. Go over early April, suicidality, wanting to talk to family with therapist, your family and especailly your sister's shadyiness there, ultimately your therapist suggests it may be a bad idea.
1. Go over mid April, pathicng yourself up, and going over self talk. Internally I made a promise: I need to permanently keep my parents and family out of my life as much as possible; I did this more or less already and th enew "thing" would be avoiding jobs with overlaps, like iwth Sam Hodges and Amrita Mallik. My fault, I guess. I'm sure my famliy feels that way. End chapter with personal declaration of vengeance should this shit continue.
1. Go over pre LR - weird packages, weird HR, peeing in a cup, therapist feels alarmed at me brining things up in a non therapist way, start to feel certain my therapist is talking to feds in the BG
1. Probably best to end on finally getting the LR laptop on the morning of your first day after all the shipping awkwardness
1. End with the above and a thought you had: _Why would they keep this up and not just put me under some long term surveillance thing where I can at least act like I'm not aware of them?_ -- now I'm pretty sure it had something to do with Netflix and Razzlekhan more than any internal implications, but, anyway, end the section and final chapter with that thought before getting to LR.
